0001171843-15-001282.txt : 20150305 0001171843-15-001282.hdr.sgml : 20150305 20150305170057
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001171843-15-001282
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150305
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150305 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES INC CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0000849706 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MILLWOOD, VENEER, PLYWOOD & STRUCTURAL WOOD MEMBERS [2430] IRS NUMBER: 710675758 STATE OF INCORPORATION: DE FISCAL YEAR END: 1231 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10367 FILM NUMBER: 15678063 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 914 N. JEFFERSON STREET STREET 2: - CITY: SPRINGDALE STATE: AR ZIP: 72764 BUSINESS PHONE: 479-756-7400 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: - STREET 2: P.O. BOX 1237 CITY: SPRINGDALE STATE: AR ZIP: 72765 10-K 1 f10k_030515.htm FORM 10-K f10k_030515.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 10-K þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 Or o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number 1-10367 Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 71-0675758 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 914 N Jefferson Street Springdale, Arkansas 72764 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (479) 756-7400 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Class A common stock, $.01 par value (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing stock price of such common equity as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $8,852,922 (for the purposes hereof, directors, executive officers and 10% or greater shareholders have been deemed affiliates). Number of shares of common stock outstanding at February 27, 2015: Class A — 89,631,162 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2015 annual meeting scheduled to be held on June 18, 2015, and expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end, are incorporated by reference into Part III. Table of Contents PART I 1 Item 1. Business. 1 Item 2. Properties. 1 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 5 PART II 6 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 6 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 7 Item 8. Financial Statements. 12 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 13 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 13 Item 9B. Other Information. 14 PART III 15 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 15 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 15 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 15 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 15 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 15 PART IV 16 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 16 SIGNATURES 17 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 PART I Item 1. Business . Summary Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (AERT or the Company), founded in 1988, develops and commercializes technologies to recycle waste polyethylene plastics and develops, manufactures, and markets value-added, green building compounds. Our primary products are composite building materials that are used in place of traditional wood or plastic products for exterior applications in building and remodeling homes and for certain other industrial or commercial building purposes. Our products are made primarily from approximately equal amounts of recycled polyethylene plastic, which has been cleaned, processed, and reformulated and waste wood fiber, which has been cleaned, sized and reprocessed utilizing our patented and proprietary technologies. Our products have been extensively tested, and are sold by leading national companies such as the BlueLinx Corporation (BlueLinx), Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (Lowe’s) and Therma-Tru Corporation. Our products are primarily used in renovation and remodeling by consumers, homebuilders, and contractors as an exterior environmentally responsible (“Green”) building alternative for decking, railing, and trim products. We currently manufacture all of our composite products at extrusion facilities in Springdale, Arkansas. We operate a plastic recycling, blending and storage facility in Lowell, Arkansas, where we also lease warehouses and land for inventory storage. We also operate a plastic recycling, cleaning, and reformulation facility at Watts, Oklahoma. Products Building on our base process and materials, we manufacture the following product lines: · Commercial and residential decking planks and accessories such as balusters and handrails under the MoistureShield ® and ChoiceDek ® brands, · Exterior door components, · Exterior housing trim (MoistureShield ® ), and · Green recycled plastic resin compounds. The wood fiber content of our products gives them many properties similar to all-wood products, but we believe that the plastic content renders our products superior to both all-wood or all-plastic alternatives because: · Unlike wood, our products do not require preservatives or treatment with toxic chemicals or annual sealing or staining. · Our products are less subject to thermal contraction or expansion and have greater dimensional stability than competing all-plastic products. · Our products are engineered for superior moisture-resistance and will not decompose like wood. · Our products are less subject to rotting, cracking, warping, splintering, insect infestation, and water absorption than conventional wood materials. · Our products are aesthetically enhanced to provide a wood-like or grained surface appearance. · Our products are combined with coloring agents and/or other additives to provide various colors and aesthetics. · Since 2006, our products have contained a mildew-cide to inhibit the growth of mold. · Our latest generation of products offers colors to more closely resemble the natural look of wood. 1 Based upon our extensive product testing and successful extended field history, we offer a 25-year limited replacement warranty on our ChoiceDek ® Foundations™ and a limited lifetime replacement warranty on our MoistureShield ® products against rot and fungal decay, and termite and insect damage. Marketing and Sales General Market Strategy . Our products are designed for applications where we can add the greatest value and address market needs, i.e., for external applications where wood is prone to rot and/or requires substantial annual maintenance in the form of staining or sealing. Though we believe there are many possible applications for our wood/plastic composite technology, we have focused our resources and personnel on outdoor decking and handrail components and door and other OEM components; that represent the most attractive market opportunities at this time. Within our chosen markets, we are constantly working to develop and improve strong customer relationships. Sales and Customer Service. We provide sales support and customer service through our own marketing department, contract marketing through outside commissioned representatives, through BlueLinx, and through training programs for our customers and their sales associates. We also promote our decking products through interactive displays at national, regional, and local home and garden shows, as well as through in-store displays. Our in-house sales and customer support team is focused on serving commercial decking contractors and customers, and supporting the sales professionals at our regional building products distributors, as well as BlueLinx and Lowe’s. Information and customer service are provided through the websites www.choicedek.com and www.moistureshield.com, and through a national toll-free customer assistance telephone number: 1-800-951-5117. Cyclical Nature of Building Products Industry . Our products are used primarily in home improvement and new home construction. The home improvement and housing construction industries are subject to significant fluctuations in activity and periodic downturns caused by general economic conditions. High fuel prices, reduced disposable income, and economic uncertainty in particular can lead to reduced home improvement activity. Reductions in such activity have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. We have focused a large portion of our business on the remodel and repair market segment, which we believe is less cyclical than the new homebuilding market. Facility Upgrades/Product Innovation . In our ongoing pursuit to satisfy our customers and to keep up with changing trends in the marketplace, we continuously work to develop new products and improve existing products. We have invested significantly in plastic recycling technology and infrastructure over the last several years, which is also a strategic initiative designed to help insulate our raw materials purchasing from wide price swings associated with the petrochemical markets. The aesthetics of our products, which are overwhelmingly composed of recycled materials, have improved with technology advances. The composite decking business is continuously evolving. The technology used to manufacture wood/plastic boards has advanced significantly over the last several years, and many contemporary products have much improved aesthetics. Going forward, it will be important for AERT to continue to innovate, keep in close touch with consumer trends and focus on regional market trends while always remaining competitive with wood decking. Green Building Products We have been recycling plastic and manufacturing green building products since our inception in 1988, and we intend to continue building our brands and differentiating AERT as a green building products company. Listed below are the major categories of products we manufacture and markets we supply. ChoiceDek ® Decking. We currently sell our ChoiceDek ® branded decking products in the home improvement warehouse (HIW) market through BlueLinx to Lowe’s. We derived a majority of our revenue, approximately 50%, from BlueLinx (our distributor for ChoiceDek ® products) in 2014. This market segment primarily focuses on the do-it-yourself (DIY) market in which homeowners buy, build, and install their own decks. The ChoiceDek ® brand is sold exclusively to Lowe’s. ChoiceDek ® is promoted through in-store displays and an ongoing print and marketing campaign targeting the residential decking market. We maintain a nationwide sales and customer service group. Lowe’s also conducts national print and television ads for the products it carries. ChoiceDek ® introduced its new line, ChoiceDek ® Foundations™ in 2012. This newly engineered product provides better fade performance than our previous product and features a smaller profile, making it more lightweight and easier to handle. MoistureShield ® Decking . Our MoistureShield ® brand line of decking products is currently sold to select primary distributors, who re-sell it to lumber dealers and contractor yards for sale to local deck builders and home builders. One international distributor accounted for approximately 10% of our sales in 2014. Most of our MoistureShield ® customers are regularly purchasing, or have been exposed to, competing brands of composite decking. On this higher end segment, we believe success will require converting customers from competing products to our brands. The MoistureShield ® decking line allows us to diversify our customer base. New for 2014 was our MoistureShield® Pro —our new cap stock line. MoistureShield® Pro , adds an extra layer of protection and beauty. Essentially, it is our already durable Vantage board with a smooth, protective covering with enhanced slip and scratch resistance. As with all of AERT’s products, it can be installed on the ground, in the ground or in the water. MoistureShield® Pro carries with it a transferrable lifetime warranty and a 25-year fade and stain warranty. 2 Door Component Products. We sell our MoistureShield ® industrial products to door manufacturers for use as component parts in products. For example, we manufacture door rails built into doors by Therma-Tru Corporation. In marketing these products, we emphasize the value-added feature of the MoistureShield ® composite product, which, unlike competing wood products, can be engineered to incorporate certain desired end-product characteristics that save our customers time and expense. Customers also avoid the need for chemical treatments to their final product, which are often otherwise necessary to prevent rot and sustain durability. The durability of our MoistureShield ® composite components allows our customers to extend the lifetime or warranties of their products while reducing or eliminating warranty claims costs. We are unable to predict the future size of the markets for MoistureShield ® industrial products; however, we believe that the national door and window and commercial and residential trim markets are large and will allow us to diversify our customer base over time as we add production capacity and focus on additional opportunities. Exterior Trim and Fascia Products. We have marketed an exterior trim and fascia system under the trade name MoistureShield ® Trim. Several national homebuilders have been specifying and using the product. We believe this product line has significant growth potential as a green alternative to plastic (i.e., PVC) and wood trims to be distributed and sold in conjunction with our MoistureShield ® distributors. Competition Our products compete with high-grade western pine, cedar and other premium woods, aluminum, high-performance plastics, and an increasing number of composites and other construction materials. We believe that our products have superior characteristics, which make them a better value for the consumer; however, they are more expensive initially than traditional wood products. Additionally, manufacturers of some competing products have long-established ties to the building and construction industry and have well-accepted products. Some of our competitors are larger and have research and development budgets, marketing staffs, and financial and other resources that surpass our resources. Sales of non-wood decking products to date represent a small portion of the decking market. Pressure treated pine, cedar, redwood and other traditional woods constitute the vast majority of annual decking sales. We thus view wood decking as our principal competitor. The wood decking industry is highly segmented with many small to medium sized manufacturers. Wood decking is principally a commodity that competes as the low-priced product, whereas the more expensive non-wood products must compete on features and performance. Among manufacturers of alternative decking materials, we view Trex Company, TimberTech Ltd., Tamko Building Products, and Fiber Composites LLC as our primary competitors. The market for decking products is highly segmented. We believe that our MoistureShield ® industrial products have superior characteristics and are competitively priced. We emphasize durability, which means that manufacturers and homebuilders using our products should see reduced warranty callbacks and higher customer satisfaction. Our product competes not only on durability, but also the ability of the customer to order a product that is custom manufactured to its specifications. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Technology Our products are built for hostile external environmental conditions. Our recycling processes focus on intensive cleaning and reformulating of our raw materials prior to extrusion. Our extrusion process is unique and focuses on total encapsulation of the wood fibers. Our composite manufacturing process and our development efforts in connection with waste plastics reclamation technologies involve patents and many trade secrets that we consider to be proprietary. We have also developed certain methods, processes, and equipment designs for which we have sought additional patent protection. Our patents expire between 2015 and 2028. Our patents cover plastic recycling processes, methods, and apparatus or specially designed equipment as well as the composite product that we manufacture. The composite product patent was issued in 1998 and expires in 2015. This patent covers the unique properties, formulation and processing parameters of our encapsulated wood/polyethylene plastic composite building material. We have also received patents with regard to our mixed recycled plastic resin identification and reformulation technologies. 3 We have updated and continue to refine our recycling processes, procedures, and technologies, and included these in later issued patents or pending patent applications. We have taken additional measures to protect our intellectual property and trade secrets by restricting access to our facilities and maintaining a policy of nondisclosure, which includes requiring confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements among our associates. Raw Materials Wood Fiber. The wood fiber we use is primarily waste byproduct generated by hardwood furniture, cabinet, and flooring manufacturers. However, we see competition for scrap wood fiber for use as a fuel to replace other fuels for both residential and industrial applications. Recycled Plastics. We use primarily post-consumer waste polyethylene. The largest portion of the plastic materials we use is mixed with paper and other non-plastic materials, which lessens its value to other plastic recyclers. By principally sourcing these contaminated waste plastics prior to processing; we produce a usable but lower-cost feedstock for our composite extrusion lines. We believe our investments in recycling technology and infrastructure will create a significant raw material cost advantage compared to several of our virgin resin-based competitors while offering a more competitive green building product. Competition for Raw Materials. As the wood/plastic composites industry grows, we sometimes compete for raw materials with other plastic recyclers or plastic resin producers. We believe that our ability to use more contaminated polyethylene limits the number of competitors. Nonetheless, we expect to continue to encounter new entrants into the plastics reclamation business. We increased our capacity for processing waste plastic in recent years, which reduced our dependence on outside suppliers and gave us more control over our costs. Industry Standards Building codes exist to provide for safe and effective structures and consistency of structures and construction practices. Our decking and railing products comply with the International Building Code and the International Residential Code as well as the 1997 Uniform Building Code™ (UBC) and the BOCA ® National Building Code/1999 (BNBC). The International Code Council – Evaluation Service (ICC-ES) publishes evaluation reports for building products. These reports tell the consumer, commercial or residential, that the products listed in the report comply with code when they are used in the prescribed application and installed according to the manufacturer’s installation instructions. In 2009, we converted from the legacy evaluation report, NER-596, to ESR-2388 from ICC-ES. In Canada, compliance of our products to code is documented in evaluation report CCMC 13191-R from the Canadian Construction Materials Center. We utilize an independent third-party to ensure continuing compliance of our products to code. The Company has also received from ICC-ES a Verification of Attributes Report (VAR-1015) that verifies the content of recycled materials in our decking, railing and OEM products. Employees Due to the seasonality of our business and timing of orders received from our largest customer, the number of permanent employees is adjusted throughout the course of the year. At December 31, 2014 we had 397 compared to 415 employees at December 31, 2013. Available Information We post on our website (www.aert.com ) our periodic reports filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K and amendments to these reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC. 4 Item 2. Properties. We currently manufacture all of our composite products at extrusion facilities in Springdale, Arkansas where we also lease our corporate office space. We operate a facility in Lowell, Arkansas that is used for plastic recycling, blending, and storage. Additionally, we lease warehouses and land in Lowell for inventory storage. We operate a wet plastics recycling facility in Watts, Oklahoma. AERT leased a warehouse in Westville, Oklahoma for inventory storage, but terminated the lease at that location in June 2014 as the additional space was no longer required. The recycling and extrusion facilities typically operate continuously with occasional shutdowns for holidays and maintenance. We are constantly searching for improvements and efficiencies to our production process and are exploring alternative recycling technology at our Lowell facility. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. See Note 12 : Commitments and Contingencies Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. Not applicable. 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The Company’s common stock is currently listed with the OTC Bulletin Board and trades under the symbol of AERT. As of December 31, 2014, there were approximately 1,359 holders of record of our Class A common stock and no holders of record of our Class B common stock. The closing price of our common stock was $0.08 on December 31, 2014. We have not previously paid cash dividends on our common stock and there are currently restrictions under various debt obligations and our Series E preferred stock designation that would prevent the payment of such dividends for the foreseeable future. The following table sets forth the range of high and low quarterly sales prices of our Class A common stock for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014. Sales Price Range of Class A Common Stock Fiscal 2013 High Low First Quarter 0.24 0.09 Second Quarter 0.22 0.18 Third Quarter 0.19 0.12 Fourth Quarter 0.15 0.10 Fiscal 2014 High Low First Quarter 0.17 0.11 Second Quarter 0.16 0.11 Third Quarter 0.15 0.06 Fourth Quarter 0.12 0.08 No repurchases of common stock took place during 2013 or 2014. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of December 31, 2014, regarding shares outstanding and available for issuance under the Company’s equity compensation plans. No awards were made in 2014 pursuant to the Company’s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, which was approved by security holders at the Company’s annual shareholders’ meeting on June 27, 2012. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column of this table) 2012 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - N/A 40,000,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - N/A - - 40,000,000 6 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 2014 Summary Results of Operations Two-Year Comparison (in thousands) 2014 2013 % Change Net sales $ 75,999 $ 68,779 10.5 % Cost of goods sold 60,896 56,976 6.9 % % of net sales 80.1 % 82.8 % Gross margin 15,103 11,803 28.0 % % of net sales 19.9 % 17.2 % Gain from asset disposition 69 9 * Selling and administrative costs 11,964 11,535 3.7 % % of net sales 15.7 % 16.8 % Operating income 3,208 277 1058.1 % % of net sales 4.2 % 0.4 % Other income and expense: Income from insurance proceeds 345 2,500 (86.2 %) Other income 12 80 (85.0 %) Net interest expense (3,154 ) (2,920 ) 8.0 % Gain or (loss) before dividends 411 (63 ) * % of net sales 0.5 % (0.1 %) Dividends on preferred stock (1,487 ) (1,401 ) 6.1 % Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) (26.5 %) % of net sales (1.4 %) (2.1 %) ___________ * Not meaningful as a percentage change Sales Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2014 were up 10.5% from the year ended December 31, 2013. Lost production as a result of a fire on July 17, 2013 at the extrusion facility in Springdale negatively impacted sales in the second half of 2013. Net sales for 2014 represent a 2% increase over 2012 net sales. In 2014, MoistureShield® sales include the introduction of our new cap stock product, MoistureShield® Pro . Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Margin Cost of goods sold increased 6.9% for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to 2013. As a percentage of sales, 2014 cost of goods sold was 2.7 percentage points lower than 2013, reflecting increased production in 2014 resulting in reduced cost of labor and overhead per unit produced. As a result of the fire in 2013, direct labor costs were higher due to the retention of our skilled labor force during the time of lost production. 7 Selling and Administrative Costs Selling and administrative costs were up 3.7% in 2014 compared to 2013. This increase is primarily due to increased advertising, promotions and commissions as a result of increased sales. As a percentage of sales, selling and administrative costs were down 1.1% from 2013. The primary components of selling and administrative costs are compensation and benefits, advertising and promotion, travel, professional fees, and commissions. Income from Insurance Proceeds On July 17, 2013, the Company experienced a fire at its Springdale North extrusion facility and a silo fire on July 25, 2013, at its Lowell facility. These facilities were closed temporarily while the Company, local, state, and federal officials investigated and repairs were made. The Lowell plant re-commenced operations on July 30, 2013 while the first line at the extrusion plant re-commenced production on August 16, 2013. The remaining four extrusion lines were brought back into operation between August 17 and August 23, 2013. Final adjustments and repairs to the extrusion lines were completed during the first quarter of 2014. Estimated costs for personal and real estate damage at the Springdale facility are between $0.5 million and $1.0 million. Our estimate is that we will require an additional investment of $2.9 to $3.5 million. In 2014, we began the first phase of the facility upgrade, investing $0.7 million for enhanced worker safety. We feel that we have adequate insurance to cover any and all repairs needed as a result of the fire. A final settlement has not been reached. Damage sustained at the Lowell facility was predominately one silo, its contents, and related infrastructure. Recovery of $345 thousand for damages to the Lowell facility was received in the first quarter of 2014. Other Income and Expense The Company included the $2.5 million insurance advance received in partial settlement of the Springdale fire in October 2013, as other income on the Statement of Operations. AERT filed a preliminary claim for the damage to property sustained in the Springdale fire and a separate preliminary claim for business interruption caused by the fire in mid-2014. Although our insurance underwriters have yet to finalize their determination as to the nature of the loss and because a claim had not been filed for property damage in 2013, the Company determined that the full amount of the proceeds received in October 2013 related to business interruption. It is our belief that the majority of the settlement will be as a result of business interruption. Interest costs were up 8.0% year-over-year primarily due to the paid in kind (PIK) interest on the H.I.G. Series A and Series B notes that increased the principal. Net Income (Loss) AERT generated operating income of $3.2 million for 2014. After consideration of the insurance proceeds for the Lowell fire, dividend and interest expense, the Company had a net loss of $1.1 million, an improvement of $0.4 million over 2013. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Revolver Loan with AloStar Bank of Commerce is used to cover operating expenses as needed. At December 31, 2014, $3.4 million was available for drawdown. The Company plans to structure its operations to grow its business, improve its margins and generate net income for 2015 in order to maximize shareholder value. The Company is currently working to improve its liquidity by: · Streamlining operations to increase efficiencies : The Company expects to make changes to certain operational processes in order to increase productivity. These changes include the installation of equipment to reduce process material handling costs and manufacturing equipment that will improve yields. The Company is constantly evaluating its recycling processes and opportunities to utilize new technologies. 8 · Seeking additional sources of revenue : The Company is pursuing additional distribution of its current product lines with new distributors and is introducing new products, including deck lighting and aluminum railing systems, in order to increase its sales. Cash Flows Cash Flows from Operations Cash provided by operations for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $4.2 million, an increase of $1.9 million from the year ended December 31, 2013. This change is primarily due to a change in current assets and liabilities of $2.0 million due to the following: · Accounts receivable increased $1.3 million in 2014 compared to a decrease of $0.6 million in 2013 due to increased sales. · 2014 inventory levels increased $1.2 million compared to an increase of $3.7 million in 2013 due to an increase in sales in 2014. · Accounts payable increased $0.6 million in 2014 compared to a decrease of $0.7 million in 2013 due to increased purchases related to increased production. · Prepaid expense increased $0.6 million in 2014 compared to a decrease of $0.8 million in 2013 due to higher property insurance premiums. · Accrued liabilities decreased $0.1 million in 2014 compared to a decrease of $1.7 million in 2013 due to settlement of class action claims in 2013. Changes to our revenue and cost of raw materials significantly impact the Company’s liquidity. We are in the remodeling industry that was depressed as a result of the reduction in home prices in recent years. Our business is dependent upon the economy and we cannot accurately predict cyclical economic changes or the impact on consumer buying. The Company has significant customer concentration, with two customers representing approximately 52% and 10%, respectively, of our revenue. A loss of these customers, or a major reduction in their business, would cause a significant reduction in our liquidity. We are currently working to broaden our distribution network by adding new distributors, which would reduce our customer concentration. Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities in 2014 was $1.6 million compared to cash used in investing activities of $3.4 million for 2013. This change was primarily due to decreased capital expenditures offset by insurance proceeds from the Lowell fire of 2013 that were recovered in 2014. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash used in financing activities was $2.6 million for 2014 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $0.8 million in 2013. The change was primarily due to changes in the line of credit and increased proceeds from notes relating to increased insurance premiums. Working Capital The Company had working capital of $2.6 million for each of the years ending December 31, 2014 and 2013. Current assets increased by $3.0 million over 2013. The company increased inventory in anticipation of selling ChoiceDek® directly to Lowe’s. The current asset increase also reflects a higher accounts receivable balance due to sales growth. Current liabilities increased $3.0 million primarily due to the AloStar term loan maturing in 2015 offset by a reduction in the AloStar line of credit. Property, Plant and Equipment The changes in our property, plant, and equipment for 2014 are due primarily to fixed asset additions to our Springdale, Arkansas extrusion facilities. We invested $1.5 million in our new capstock extrusion line and $0.7 million for improvements related to worker safety. 9 Debt In addition to the H.I.G. transaction on March 18, 2011, as discussed in Note 5 , and the obligations pledged to AloStar Bank of Commerce (AloStar) on November 15, 2012, also discussed in Note 5, the Company continues to explore financing options, including various financial assistance programs sponsored by state and federal governments. Line of Credit The balance on our line of credit with AloStar was $3.6 million at December 31, 2014. The amount available for draw down at December 31, 2014 was $3.4 million. Oklahoma Energy Program Loan On July 14, 2010, the Company entered into a loan agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Commerce (ODOC) whereby ODOC agreed to a 15-year, $3.0 million loan to AERT at a fixed interest rate of 3.0%. The loan was made pursuant to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act State Energy Program for the State of Oklahoma award number 14215 SSEP09, and funded the second phase of AERT’s recycling facility in Watts, Oklahoma. The balance on the loan at December 31, 2014 was $2.6 million. Debt Covenants Our debt covenants per the Company’s agreements with AloStar Bank of Commerce and H.I.G. are as follows: Year ended December 31, 2014 Compliance AloStar Bank of Commerce Debt Covenants Actual Required Capital Expenditures $ 2.1 <$3.5 million Yes Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 2.19 > 1.10:1.00 Yes Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA / Consolidated Fixed Charges Adjusted EBITDA $8.3 million = >$6.0 million Yes Year ended December 31, 2014 Compliance H.I.G. Debt Covenants Actual Required Capital Expenditures $ 2.1 < $2.5 million Yes Leverage Ratio 5.0 <= 3.1:1.00 No, Waived Consolidated Indebtedness / Consolidated EBITDA Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 2.3 > 1.5:1.00 Yes Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA / Consolidated Fixed Charges Consolidated EBITDA $8.3 million =>$9.5 million No, Waived On January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC, the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, waived the Specified Events of Default as a result of AERT failing to have achieved a Leverage Ratio of below 3.1 to 1.0 for the four Fiscal Quarters ending December 31, 2014. H.I.G. AERT, LLC also waived the Specified Events of Default as a result of AERT having failed to attain required EBITDA of $9.5 million. In addition, on January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC waived its right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice on the Series E stock solely as a result of the Specified Events of Default. Payment of cash interest was waived until January 1, 2015. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported on our financial statements. The estimates made in applying the accounting policies described below are material to the financial statements and notes thereto due to the level of judgment involved in arriving at those estimates. 10 Accounts Receivable Trade accounts receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer’s remittance advice. Accounts receivable are carried at the original invoice amount less an estimated reserve. Management reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that may not be collected and provides an allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a reduction in trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market, which provides reasonable assurance that inventory values are presented at their current utility. Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost. Buildings and Equipment Property additions and betterments include capitalized interest and acquisition, construction and administrative costs allocable to construction projects and property purchases. The depreciation of buildings and equipment is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. For purposes of testing impairment, we group our long-lived assets at the same level for which there are identifiable cash flows independent of other asset groups. Currently, there is only one level of aggregation for our assets. We also periodically review the lives assigned to our assets to ensure that our initial estimates do not exceed any revised estimated periods from which we expect to realize cash flows from the asset. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned factors or estimates, the likelihood of a material change in our reported results would increase. Recoverability of assets to be held and used in operations is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of our assets to the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. The factors used to evaluate the future net cash flows, while reasonable, require a high degree of judgment and the results could vary if the actual results are materially different than the forecasts. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less selling costs. Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings — 15 to 30 years, leasehold improvements — 2 to 6 years, and machinery and equipment — 3 to 10 years. We assess the impairment of long-lived assets, consisting of property, plant, and equipment, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or circumstances include: · an asset group's inability to continue to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods; · loss of legal ownership or title to an asset; · significant changes in our strategic business objectives and utilization of the asset(s); and · the impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. For the year ending December 31, 2014, the Company has determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeds the carrying value of all long-lived assets. 11 We are constantly searching for improvements and efficiencies to our production process and are exploring alternative recycling technology at the Lowell facility. Although no changes have been made or approved, any significant modifications to the process could potentially result in a future impairment of assets currently used in operations if the new technology is successfully implemented. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns. Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company’s sales prices are determinable given that the Company’s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts. Uncertainties, Issues and Risks There are many factors that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, decline in demand for our products, business or industry changes, critical accounting policies, government rules and regulations, environmental concerns, litigation, new products / product transition, product obsolescence, competition, acts of war, terrorism, public health issues, concentration of customer base, loss of a significant customer, availability of raw material (plastic) at a reasonable price, management’s failure to execute effectively, manufacturing inefficiencies, high scrap rates, inability to obtain adequate financing (i.e. working capital), equipment breakdowns, low stock price, and fluctuations in quarterly performance. Forward-looking Information An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making an investment, prospective investors should carefully consider the following factors, among others, and seek professional advice. In addition, this Form 10-Q contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements, which are often identified by words such as “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “estimates”, “should”, “may”, “will” and similar expressions, represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Prospective purchasers of our securities should carefully consider the information contained herein or in the documents incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing discussion contains certain estimates, predictions, projections and other forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that involve various risks and uncertainties. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect management’s current judgment regarding the direction of the business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, or other future performance suggested herein. Some important factors (but not necessarily all factors) that could affect the sales volumes, growth strategies, future profitability and operating results, or that otherwise could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement include the following: market, political or other forces affecting the pricing and availability of plastics and other raw materials; accidents or other unscheduled shutdowns affecting us, our suppliers’ or our customers’ plants, machinery, or equipment; competition from products and services offered by other enterprises; our ability to refinance short-term indebtedness; state and federal environmental, economic, safety and other policies and regulations, any changes therein, and any legal or regulatory delays or other factors beyond our control; execution of planned capital projects; weather conditions affecting our operations or the areas in which our products are marketed; adverse rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal matters. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Item 8. Financial Statements . The financial statements portion of this item is submitted in a separate section of this report. 12 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer, Timothy D. Morrison, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, J. R. Brian Hanna, who is our principal financial and accounting officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of December 31, 2014. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2014, the end of the period covered by this report, AERT’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by AERT in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by AERT in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to AERT’s management, including AERT’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We, as members of the management of AERT, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 using the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation, management believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2014. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by its registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit it to provide only management’s report in this annual report. 13 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2014, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 14 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. 15 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a1) and (a2). The Financial Statements listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements are filed as part of this report and such Index is hereby incorporated by reference. All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. (a3) and (c). The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report and such Index is hereby incorporated by reference. 16 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. /s/ TIMOTHY D. MORRISON Timothy D. Morrison, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ J. R. BRIAN HANNA J. R. Brian Hanna, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date: March 5, 2015 POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned directors and officers of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. hereby constitute and appoint Timothy D. Morrison our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact and agent shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ JOE G. BROOKS Chairman March 5, 2015 Joe G. Brooks /s/ RANDALL D. GOTTLIEB President March 5, 2015 Randall D. Gottlieb /s/BOBBY J. SHETH Secretary and Director March 5, 2015 Bobby J. Sheth /s/ JACKSON S. CRAIG Director March 5, 2015 Jackson S. Craig /s/ TODD J. OFENLOCH Director March 5, 2015 Todd J. Ofenloch /s/ MICHAEL R. PHILLIPS Director March 5, 2015 Michael R. Phillips /s/ VERNON J. RICHARDSON Director March 5, 2015 Vernon J. Richardson 17 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 – F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 – F-23 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. /s/ HoganTaylor LLP Fayetteville, Arkansas March 5, 2015 F-2 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Assets Current assets: Cash $ 112 $ 124 Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of $48 at December 31, 2014 and $44 at December 31, 2013 4,346 3,095 Accounts receivable - related party 26 55 Inventories 14,316 13,150 Prepaid expenses 1,134 522 Total current assets 19,934 16,946 Land, buildings and equipment: Land 2,220 2,220 Buildings and leasehold improvements 17,019 16,972 Machinery and equipment 52,267 47,479 Construction in progress 662 3,962 Total land, buildings and equipment 72,168 70,633 Less accumulated depreciation 45,080 41,808 Net land, buildings and equipment 27,088 28,825 Other assets: Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $1,004 at December 31, 2014 and $634 at December 31, 2013 483 853 Other assets 380 380 Total other assets 863 1,233 Total assets $ 47,885 $ 47,004 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) (continued) December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable – trade $ 4,559 $ 3,993 Accounts payable – related parties 25 13 Current maturities of long-term debt 5,240 1,209 Accruals related to expected settlement of class action lawsuit - 133 Other accrued liabilities 3,865 3,859 Working capital line of credit 3,625 5,135 Total current liabilities 17,314 14,342 Long-term debt, less current maturities 32,470 34,972 Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 12 ) Series E cumulative convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 30,000 shares authorized, 20,524 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, including accrued unpaid dividends of $5,196 and $3,709 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 25,720 24,233 Stockholders' deficit: Class A common stock, $.01 par value; 525,000,000 shares authorized; 89,631,162 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 88,165,632 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 897 882 Class B convertible common stock, $.01 par value; 7,500,000 shares authorized; no shares were issued or outstanding at December 31, 2014; 1,465,320 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 - 15 Additional paid-in capital 53,660 53,660 Accumulated deficit (82,176 ) (81,100 ) Total stockholders' deficit (27,619 ) (26,543 ) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit $ 47,885 $ 47,004 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except share and per share data) Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 Net sales $ 75,999 $ 68,779 Cost of goods sold 60,896 56,976 Gross margin 15,103 11,803 Selling and administrative costs 11,964 11,535 Gain from asset disposition (69 ) (9 ) Operating income 3,208 277 Other income and expenses: Income from insurance proceeds 345 2,500 Other income 12 80 Net interest expense (3,154 ) (2,920 ) Net income (loss) 411 (63 ) Dividends on preferred stock (1,487 ) (1,401 ) Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Loss per share of common stock (basic and diluted) $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 89,631,162 89,631,162 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (in thousands, except share data) Additional Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Balance - December 31, 2012 88,165,632 $ 882 1,465,530 $ 15 $ 53,660 $ (79,636 ) Net loss applicable to common stock - - - - - (1,464 ) Balance - December 31, 2013 88,165,632 $ 882 1,465,530 $ 15 $ 53,660 $ (81,100 ) Exchange Class B Common for Class A 1,465,530 $ 15 (1,465,530 ) $ (15 ) $ - $ - Net loss applicable to common stock - - - - - (1,076 ) Balance - December 31, 2014 89,631,162 $ 897 - - $ 53,660 $ (82,176 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 4,213 4,649 Dividends on preferred stock 1,487 1,401 Accrued interest converted to long-term debt 2,587 2,362 Gain from fixed asset disposition (69 ) (9 ) Change in accounts receivable allowance 5 (2 ) Gain on involuntary disposition of non-monetary assets due to fire (345 ) - Decrease in other assets - 32 Changes in other current assets and current liabilities (2,627 ) (4,698 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 4,175 2,271 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of land, buildings and equipment (2,115 ) (3,376 ) Proceeds from disposition of equipment 77 11 Insurance proceeds from involuntary disposition of property 418 - Net cash used in investing activities (1,620 ) (3,365 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of notes 1,029 - Payments on notes (2,086 ) (1,903 ) Net borrowing (payments) on line of credit (1,510 ) 2,807 Debt issuance costs - (32 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (2,567 ) 872 Decrease in cash (12 ) (222 ) Cash, beginning of period 124 346 Cash, end of period $ 112 $ 124 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-7 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1: Description of the Company Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (AERT or the Company), founded in 1988, recycles polyethylene plastic and develops, manufactures, and markets composite building materials that are used in place of traditional wood or plastic products for exterior applications in building and remodeling homes and for certain other industrial or commercial building purposes. The Company’s products are made primarily from approximately equal amounts of waste wood fiber, which have been cleaned, sized and reprocessed, and recycled polyethylene plastics that have been cleaned, processed, and reformulated utilizing our patented and proprietary technologies. Our products have been extensively tested, and are sold by leading national companies such as BlueLinx Corporation (BlueLinx), Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (Lowe’s) and Therma-Tru Corporation. The Company’s products are primarily used in renovation and remodeling by consumers, homebuilders, and contractors as an exterior environmentally responsible building alternative for decking, railing, and trim products. The Company’s distributor for its ChoiceDek ® products was BlueLinx Corporation. All ChoiceDek ® products were sold by BlueLinx exclusively to Lowe’s. During late 2014, AERT, BlueLinx and Lowe’s reached an agreement to service Lowe’s stores differently. While AERT continues to service Special Order Sales (SOS) for BlueLinx, AERT began servicing select Lowe’s stores directly with the ChoiceDek® products. The Company currently manufactures all of its composite products at extrusion facilities in Springdale, Arkansas. The Company operates a plastic recycling, blending and storage facility in Lowell, Arkansas, where it also leases warehouses and land for inventory storage. The Company also maintains a facility at Watts, Oklahoma where it cleans, reformulates, and recycles polyethylene plastic scrap as a means to reduce the Company’s costs of recycled plastics. Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns, which were $3.9 million and $3.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company’s sales prices are determinable given that the Company’s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts. Accrued Product Returns Revenue adjustment estimates are based on the original sales price of the product expected to be returned, transportation to AERT’s facility in Springdale, Arkansas, labor and repackaging materials, and costs to dispose of unsalable product. The accrual is reduced by the per pound cost of any unsalable product that can be re-used in the manufacturing process. Replacement deck boards are accounted for as a sale in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. Shipping and Handling The Company records shipping fees billed to customers in net sales and records the related expenses in cost of goods sold. Operating Costs The cost of goods sold line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with the manufacture of our products, such as labor, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, utilities, leases, and raw materials, including the costs of raw material delivery, warehousing and other distribution related costs. The selling and administrative costs line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with sales, marketing, and support activities like accounting and information technology. The types of costs incurred in those areas include labor, advertising, travel, commissions, outside professional services, leases, and depreciation. F-8 Statements of Cash Flows In order to determine net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net loss has been adjusted by, among other things, changes in current assets and current liabilities, excluding changes in cash, current maturities of long-term debt and current notes payable. Those changes, shown as an (increase) decrease in current assets and an increase (decrease) in current liabilities, are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Receivables - trade and related party $ (1,299 ) $ 599 Inventories (1,166 ) (3,682 ) Prepaid expenses (612 ) 763 Accounts payable - trade and related parties 581 (689 ) Accrued liabilities $ (131 ) $ (1,689 ) $ (2,627 ) $ (4,698 ) Cash paid for interest $ 567 $ 558 Cash paid for income taxes - - Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities (in thousands) : Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Notes payable for financing insurance policies $ 994 $ 727 Buildings and Equipment Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings — 15 to 30 years, leasehold improvements — 2 to 6 years, and machinery and equipment — 3 to 10 years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives. Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets. F-9 Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 2014 2013 Parts and supplies $ - $ 385 Raw materials 5,083 4,715 Work in progress 1,827 2,337 Finished goods 7,406 5,713 $ 14,316 $ 13,150 Other Assets Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. As of December 31, the Company had the following amounts related to debt issuance costs (in thousands): 2014 2013 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Debt issuance costs $ 1,487 $ 1,004 $ 1,487 $ 634 The following table represents the total estimated future amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands): Estimated Amortization 2015 $ 330 2016 $ 125 2017 $ 28 Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer’s remittance advice. Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management’s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. F-10 The table below presents a roll forward of our allowance for sales returns and bad debts for 2014 and 2013 (in thousands). Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts Deductions 1 Balance at End of Year 2014 $ 43 484 - 479 $ 48 2013 $ 47 396 - 400 $ 43 _______________________________ 1 Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created. Warranty Estimates The Company offers a limited warranty on its products. Estimates of expected warranty claims are recorded as liabilities and charged to income in the period revenue is recognized. Amounts accrued for warranty claims totaled $0.7 million at December 31, 2014 and $0.6 million at December 31, 2013. Earnings Per Share The Company utilizes the two-class method for computing and presenting earnings per share. The Company currently has two classes of common stock (the Common Stock) and one class of cumulative participating preferred stock, Series E (the Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company’s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Preferred Stock is considered a participating security requiring the two-class method for the computation and presentation of net income per share – basic. The two-class computation method for each period segregates basic earnings per common and participating share into two categories: distributed earnings per share (i.e., the Preferred Stock stated dividend) and undistributed earnings per share, which allocates earnings after subtracting the Preferred Stock dividend to the total of weighted average common shares outstanding plus equivalent converted common shares related to the Preferred Stock. Basic earnings per common and participating share exclude the effect of Common Stock equivalents, and are computed using the two-class computation method. In computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive—those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share—are included. The exercise of options or conversion of convertible securities is not assumed if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a loss from continuing operations is reported. As a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even if an entity has net income after adjusting for discontinued operations, an extraordinary item or the cumulative effect of an accounting change. The Company incurred losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Therefore, basic EPS and diluted EPS were computed in the same manner. The following table presents the two-class method for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. F-11 BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in thousands, except share and per share data) Year ended December 31 2014 2013 Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Preferred stock dividend 1,487 1,401 Net income (loss) before dividends $ 411 $ (63 ) Per share information: Basic earnings per common and participating share: Distributed earnings per share: Common $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Preferred $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Earned, unpaid dividends per share: Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Undistributed losses per share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred - - Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Basic weighted average common shares: Common weighted average number of shares 89,631,162 89,631,162 Participating preferred shares - if converted 332,141,946 312,938,898 Total weighted average number of shares 421,773,108 402,570,060 Total weighted average number of preferred shares 20,524 20,524 Although not included in the basic earnings per share calculation under the two-class method due to a period of loss, the Company had participating securities outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The following schedule presents these securities for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 2014 2013 Series E preferred stock 342,930,966 323,104,117 Although these financial instruments were not included due to a period of loss for the year ended December 31, 2014, such financial instruments would need to be included with future calculations of basic EPS under the two-class method in periods of income. F-12 Concentration Risk Credit Risk The Company’s revenues are derived principally from national and regional building products distributors. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers. The Company’s concentration in the building materials industry has the potential to impact its exposure to credit risk because changes in economic or other conditions in the construction industry may similarly affect the Company’s customers. The Company has significant customer concentration, with one customer representing approximately 50% and another representing 14% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, as compared to one customer who represented approximately 80% at December 31, 2013. We commenced selling direct to Lowe’s at the end of 2014. Major Customers For the year ended December 31, 2014, BlueLinx represented approximately 50% of the Company’s revenue compared to 60% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our next leading customer accounted for 10% of the Company’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 9% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Cash The Company maintains bank accounts which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. At times, cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company believes no significant concentrations of risk exist with respect to its cash. Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt has been estimated by the Company based upon each obligation’s characteristics, including remaining maturities, interest rate, credit rating, and collateral and amortization schedule. The carrying amount approximates fair value. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Advertising Costs Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Research and Development Costs Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $0.6 million and $0.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. F-13 The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our financial statements and have not yet determined the method with which we will adopt the standard in 2017. Note 3: Related Party Transactions Advisory Services Agreement The Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement between H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. and the Company (the Advisory Services Agreement) on March 18, 2011 that provides for an annual monitoring fee between $250,000 and $500,000 (the Monitoring Fee) and reimbursement of all other out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. For each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized $250,000 for advisory services fees. Other The balance of related party accounts included the following amounts: · Accrued board of directors’ fees of $25 thousand at December 31, 2014 and $14 thousand at December 31, 2013. · There were no accrued advisory services fees owed to H.I.G as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. · Accounts receivable from Green Country Recycling, LLC, for whom Joe G. Brooks, Chairman, acts as an advisor was $26 thousand at December 31, 2013. Note 4: Line of Credit AERT has a line of credit (Revolver Loan) agreement with AloStar. The $8.0 million Revolver Loan is subject to a reserve of $1.0 million. Interest is assessed at the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR rate as shown in the Wall Street Journal on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the Revolver Loan for which such rate is being determined plus 4% at December 31, 2014. If the LIBOR cannot be determined, the interest will be calculated using the prime lending rate plus 2%. The interest rate at December 31, 2014 was 5%. The Revolver Loan is secured by 85% of accounts receivable after a reduction for amounts owed by international customers. The Revolver Loan is also secured by 60% of the eligible inventory or 85% of the net orderly liquidation value of the inventory. The Revolver at AloStar had a $3.6 million balance at December 31, 2014. The proceeds available to draw down on the Revolver loan at December 31, 2014 were $3.4 million. F-14 Note 5: Long-Term Debt Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Long-term debt, less current maturities consisted of the following at December 31: 3% note payable to the Oklahoma Department of Commerce; secured by assets purchased / constructed with the loan proceeds; matures April 1, 2027 $ 2,552 $ 2,722 H.I.G. Series A Note (a) 13,497 12,469 H.I.G. Series B Note (b) 16,574 15,015 AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan bearing interest at 5.5%; secured by a continuing security interest in and lien upon all personal proerty, including all goods, inventory, equipment, all instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, intellectural property, deposit accounts, and investment property, matures November 15, 2015. 4,917 5,917 Other 170 58 Total 37,710 36,181 Less Current Maturities (5,240 ) (1,209 ) Long-term debt, less current maturities $ 32,470 $ 34,972 ______________________________ (a) Cash interest of 4% plus 4% PIK interest added quarterly to principal. Additions occur after quarter-end. To date all cash interest on H.I.G. Series A Note has been added to principal. (b) Cash interest of 4% plus 6% PIK interest added quarterly to principal. Additions occur after quarter-end. To date, all cash interest on H.I.G. Series B Note has been added to principal. The aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2014 were as follows: (in thousands) Year Amount 2015 5,240 2016 199 2017 30,260 2018 192 2019 197 Thereafter 1,622 37,710 Oklahoma Energy Program Loan On July 14, 2010, we entered into a loan agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Commerce (ODOC) whereby ODOC agreed to a 15-year, $3.0 million loan to AERT at a fixed interest rate of 3.0%. The loan was made pursuant to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act State Energy Program for the State of Oklahoma, and funded the second phase of AERT’s new recycling facility in Watts, Oklahoma. Payments on the loan began May 1, 2012. The balance on the loan at December 31, 2014 was $2.6 million. ODOC, under award number 14215 SSEP09, advanced $3.0 million to AERT throughout 2010, 2011 and 2012. As of December 31, 2012, a total of $3.0 million was spent on contract labor, contract materials, and equipment. In addition, as of December 31, 2012, matching funds of $9.2 million were contributed (in-kind) to the project by AERT. F-15 AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan The Term Loan requires that AloStar hold first security interest to the majority of AERT’s plant, property, and equipment; as well as, real estate. Payments on the principal portion of the loan commenced on December 1, 2012 and will be made in 36 equal monthly installments of $0.08 million plus interest. The final installment $4.1 million shall be due and payable on the commitment termination date. Interest is calculated at 4.5% plus the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR Rate as shown in the Wall Street Journal on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in amounts approximately equal to the principal amount of the Loan for which such rate is being determined or, if such day is not a Business Day on the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest accrued on the principal balance of the Term Loan shall be due and payable on the first day of each month, computed through the last day of the preceding month. Interest, expressed in simple interest terms as of December 31, 2014, is 5.5%. The Term Loan contains certain covenants, including restrictions on: (1) fundamental changes in ownership, (2) conduct of business, (3) declaration of distributions, (4) amendments or modifications to existing agreements, (5) property acquisitions, (6) affiliated party transactions, and (7) hedging agreements. Recapitalization Agreement - H.I.G. Long Term Debt In connection with the recapitalization, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with H.I.G. (the Exchange Agreement), and a Credit Agreement with H.I.G. (the Credit Agreement), each dated March 18, 2011. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and the Credit Agreement, in exchange for the Company’s debt: · $6,806,656 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Allstate Promissory Note, dated July 1, 2009, issued by the Company; · $13,281,084 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds issued in 2007; · $10,436,409 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the City of Springdale Arkansas, Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds issued in 2008; · $2,096,667 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Secured Promissory Note (2010 Note) issued on December 20, 2010; · and H.I.G. making approximately $6.9 million in additional new capital available to the Company, H.I.G. was issued: · a Series A Term Note (Series A Note) in the aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000, · a Series B Senior Term Note (Series B Note, and collectively with the Series A Note, the Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $9,000,000 (or such lesser amount as is actually borrowed thereunder), · and 20,524.149 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Series E Preferred Stock). As a result, upon consummation of the transactions (including the Series D Exchange Agreement described hereunder), H.I.G. held $17,596,667 outstanding principal of senior secured debt of the Company and owned approximately 80% of the outstanding common equity securities of the Company on a fully diluted, as converted basis. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, until such time as H.I.G. no longer owns at least 20% of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis, H.I.G. has the right to purchase securities in any subsequent issuance or sale of securities by the Company in an amount equal to the greater of (i) H.I.G.’s ownership percentage as of the business day prior to its receipt of notice of the proposed issuance or sale by the Company or (ii) 51%. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company issued to H.I.G. the Notes, which are secured by a grant of a security interest in all of the Company’s assets in accordance with the terms of a Security Agreement, Patent Security Agreement, Copyright Security Agreement and Trademark Security Agreement, each dated March 18, 2011. The Series A Note matures six years after the closing of the Transactions (the Closing) and, at the Company’s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 8.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal to 4.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series A Note (with the latter option only being available for the first 24 months following the Closing, after which the Series A Note will bear cash interest at 8.0% per annum). This option was extended through 2014. Upon the Closing, H.I.G. converted the $2,000,000 principal amount of the 2010 Note and accrued interest thereon into borrowings under the Series B Note. In addition, an additional $5.5 million was funded and drawn under the Series B Note at Closing. On October 20, 2011, AERT and H.I.G. amended this Credit Agreement to provide the Company with an additional $3.0 million to be drawn, as needed. The Company drew down $1.0 million on May 23, 2011, $2.0 million on October 21, 2011, and $1.0 million on November 18, 2011 to help fund operations. The Series B Note matures six years after the Closing and, at the Company’s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 10.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal 6.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series B Term Note. This option was extended through 2014. The Series B Note ranks pari passu to the Series A Note. F-16 As of December 31, 2014, AERT did not comply with the leverage ratio covenant required by the Series A and B Term Notes. The debt covenant has been waived by H.I.G. per the Waiver of Specified Events of Default as of January 13, 2015. Payment of cash interest was waived until January 1, 2015. The Credit Agreement contains provisions requiring mandatory payments upon the Notes equal to 50% of the Company’s “Excess Cash Flow” (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and equal to 100% of proceeds from most non-ordinary course asset dispositions, additional debt issuances or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees), and contains covenant restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, liens, leases or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees). Note 6: Equity Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company issued 20,524.149 shares of newly authorized Series E Preferred Stock to H.I.G. at the Closing. The Series E Preferred Stock was authorized by the filing of a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company filed on March 17, 2011 with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Series E Designation). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company’s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Shares of the Series E Preferred Stock and all accrued dividends thereon are convertible at any time at the holder’s election into shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price of $0.075 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The Series E Preferred Stock ranks senior to all other equity securities of the Company. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock have the right to vote their ownership interests in the Series E Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock also have the right to elect four of the Company’s seven directors while they hold outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock representing at least 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis. If the outstanding shareholding of Series E Preferred Stock at any time represents less than 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock will have the right to elect one of the Company’s seven directors. The Series E Designation contains customary protective voting provisions and other rights customarily granted to holders of preferred equity securities. The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable except under certain conditions which may be out of the control of the Company. An event of default under the Series A and B Term notes, for example, the failure to meet specified financial covenants, may trigger a redemption right to the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred stockholders. As a result, the carrying value of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is reported in temporary equity. On January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC, the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, waived the Specified Events of Default as a result of AERT failing to have achieved a Leverage Ratio of below 3.1 to 1.0 for the four Fiscal Quarters ending December 31, 2014 and having failed to achieve the minimum consolidated EBITDA of $9.5 million. In addition, on January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC waived its right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice on the Series E stock solely as a result of the Specified Events of Default. The initial conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is fixed and will remain the conversion price subject to the anti-dilution adjustments described below. The conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is subject to customary weighted-average anti-dilution adjustments, which will be made (subject to certain exceptions) in the event that AERT: · issues or sells common stock for consideration per share less than a price equal to the current market price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale; · pays dividends or other distributions on the common stock in shares of common stock; · subdivides, splits or combines the shares of common stock; F-17 · subject to certain exceptions and limitations, issues options, rights or warrants entitling the holders to purchase common stock at less than the then-current market price (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series E Preferred Stock); · issues or sells any securities that are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock and the lowest price per share for which one share of common stock is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof is less than the then-current market price; · makes changes to the terms of outstanding options, warrants, or convertible securities (including those that were outstanding as of March 18, 2011, the original issue date of the Series E Preferred Stock) and that would result in a dilutive effect on the Series E Preferred Stock; in general, in such event the adjustment shall be calculated as if the changed terms had been in effect from the initial issuance of such securities and such securities issued before March 18, 2011 shall be treated as if newly issued as of the date of such change; provided that no adjustment will be made in such case if such adjustment would result in an increase in the conversion price then in effect; and · takes any action that would result in dilution of the Series E Preferred Stock but is not specifically provided for in the Series E Preferred Stock certificate of designations (including granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), in which case the Company’s Board of Directors shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the conversion price so as to protect the rights of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, subject to certain qualifications. Common Stock The Class A common stock and the Class B common stock are substantially similar in all respects except that the Class B common stock has five votes per share while the Class A common stock has one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the holder’s option to one share of Class A common stock and, except in certain instances, is automatically converted into one share of Class A common stock upon any sale or transfer. The holders of Class B common stock elected to convert all their outstanding shares to Class A common stock during 2014. Note 7: Stock Option Plans Additional stock options are not issuable under the Company’s stock option plans, as the plans and any outstanding options have expired. 2014 2013 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Aggregate Intrinsic Value at December 31, 2014 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding, beginning of year - $ - $ - 350,000 $ 1.17 Granted - - - - - Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - - - (350,000 ) 1.17 Outstanding, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - Exercisable, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - F-18 Note 8: Equity Incentive Plan The Company’s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) is an equity-based incentive compensation plan that is used to distribute Awards to qualified employees, thereby fulfilling the following objectives of the Company: 1. To enhance the Company’s ability to attract highly qualified personnel 2. To strengthen the Company’s retention capabilities 3. To enhance the long-term performance and competitiveness of the Company 4. To align the interest of Plan participants with those of the Company’s shareholders. The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on March 3, 2012 and by the Shareholders at the 2012 Shareholders’ Meeting held in Springdale, Arkansas on June 27, 2012. Administration The 2012 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee (Committee) of the Board of Directors, and thereafter by such committee as the board may from time to time designate, or by the board itself, if it shall so designate. Except when the entire board is acting as the 2012 Plan Administrator, the Committee administering the 2012 Plan shall consist solely of two or more persons all of whom are both “non-employee directors” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plan Basics A total of 40,000,000 shares are available for issuance under the Plan. The shares deliverable pursuant to Awards shall be authorized but unissued shares, or shares that the Company otherwise holds in treasury or trust. Participants are solely responsible for taxes due on Awards. Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. In the event of a change of control, shares will be equitably adjusted. Awards will be assumed by the successor company; the Awards Committee may accelerate vesting, arrange for cash payment, terminate all or some Awards, or make other modifications. Pursuant to the Awards Agreement, the Company may terminate, rescind, or recapture any outstanding, unexercised, unexpired, unpaid, or deferred Awards. The Company may require that any Participant reimburse the Company for all or any portion of the Awards granted under this Plan. No Participant shall have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until the date of issuance of a share certificate. The Plan will be valid for a period of 10 years. The Committee will have the power and authority to select and grant to participants the following types of Awards: 1. Options give the Participant the right to purchase Company stock at a given price over an extended period of time. Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) are within the definition of IRS §422. In the case of an ISO granted to a Participant who is a 10% shareholder on the grant date, the exercise price shall be at least 110% of the fair market value. 2. Share Appreciation Rights (SARs) provide the Participant with a cash (or shares) payment based on the increase in the value of a stated number of shares over a specific period of time. A participant may wish to use an IRS §83(b) election, which will allow the Participant to recognize the value of the SARs as income upon the purchase of the stock. 3. Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) are shares of stock for which a Participant is eligible after certain restrictions are fulfilled. Restrictions are pursuant to the Awards Agreement. The Participant shall receive unrestricted shares (or cash) in settlement of the Award. Restricted Shares, RSUs and Unrestricted Shares are not inconsistent with the Plan. If the shares are purchased and forfeited for any reason, the purchase price is refunded to the Participant and the shares of stock remain with the Company. 4. Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) are permitted within the Plan guidelines. The Committee may permit select eligible persons who are Directors or members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees (within the meaning of ERISA) to irrevocably elect to forego the receipt of cash or other compensation in lieu thereof to have the Company credit to an internal Plan account the number of DSUs deferred. DSUs are 100% vested at all times. 5. Performance and cash-settled Awards are based on achievement of performance measures for a performance period in relation to a performance formula. The maximum Award will be 10,000,000 shares or $1.0 million. The Committee may defer the Award. F-19 6. Dividend Equivalent Rights give the Participant the right to receive a payment, in shares or in cash that is equivalent to the value of dividends declared on shares as of all dividend payment dates. The Award is paid on the record date of dividends and is pursuant to the Awards Agreement. As of December 31, 2014, no awards have been made. Note 9: Leases At December 31, 2014, the Company was obligated under various operating leases covering certain buildings and equipment that expire between 2014 and 2019. Operating lease expense was $2.8 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. These amounts for rent expense are considerably higher than the future minimum lease payments each year shown in the table below due to many of our operating equipment leases having durations of less than one year. Future minimum lease payments required under operating leases as of December 31, 2014, are as follows (in thousands): Year Operating Leases 2015 $ 858 2016 470 2017 50 2018 26 2019 4 Total minimum payments required $ 1,408 Note 10: Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company had no income tax provision for State and Federal income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The income tax provisions for 2014 and 2013 differ from the amounts computed by applying the US federal statutory rate of 34% to income as a result of the following (in thousands): 2014 2013 Amount Percent Amount Percent Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate $ 140 34.0 $ (21 ) 34.0 Permanent differences 11 (93.0 ) 58 (93.0 ) Change in valuation allowance (151 ) 59.0 (37 ) 59.0 $ - 0.0 $ - 0.0 F-20 The tax effects of significant temporary differences representing deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 2014 2013 Current Long-Term Current Long-Term Deferred tax assets — Net operating loss carryforwards $ - $ 9,889 $ - $ 8,786 Accrued expenses 799 48 811 - Valuation allowance (655 ) (8,904 ) (1,078 ) (8,738 ) Other 300 - 471 48 Total deferred tax assets 444 1,033 204 96 Deferred tax liability — Depreciation - 855 - 96 Prepaid expenses 444 - 204 - Other - 178 - - Total deferred tax liabilities 444 1,033 204 96 Net deferred tax $ - $ - $ - $ - As of December 31, 2014, the Company had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal income tax purposes, which are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the NOL carryforwards will expire between 2017 and 2031. In March 2011, H.I.G. AERT, LLC acquired a controlling interest in the Company, which resulted in a significant restriction on the utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards. It is estimated that the utilization of future NOL carryforwards will be limited (per IRC 382) to approximately $0.8 million per year for the next 17 years. The impact of this limitation is approximately $27.3 million in NOL’s, which will expire before the Company can use them. The estimated annual effective income tax rate for 2014 is 0% due to the use of net operating loss carryforwards. As there is insufficient evidence that the Company will be able to generate adequate future taxable income to enable it to realize its net operating loss carryforwards prior to expiration, the Company maintains a valuation allowance to recognize its deferred tax assets only to the extent of its deferred tax liabilities. Based upon a review of its income tax filing positions, the Company believes that its positions would be sustained upon an audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company recognizes interest related to income taxes as interest expense and recognizes penalties as operating expense. The Company is subject to routine audits by various taxing jurisdictions. The examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the Service) of the Company’s 2010 federal tax return yielded changes that did not affect the tax that was reported on the return; therefore, the Service has accepted the return. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2011, except in the States of California, Colorado and Texas, for which the 2010 tax year is still subject to examination. Note 11: Business Interruption On July 17, 2013, the Company experienced a fire at its Springdale North extrusion facility and a silo fire on July 25, 2013, at its Lowell facility. These facilities were closed temporarily while the Company, local, state, and federal officials investigated and repairs were made. The Lowell plant re-commenced operations on July 30, 2013 while the first line at the extrusion plant re-commenced production on August 16, 2013. The remaining four extrusion lines were brought back into operation between August 17 and August 23, 2013. Final adjustments and repairs to the extrusion lines were done in the first quarter of 2014. The Company included the $2.5 million insurance advance received in partial settlement of the Springdale fire in October 2013, as other income on the Statement of Operations. AERT filed preliminary claims for both the property damage and the business interruption losses. Although our insurance underwriters have yet to finalize their determination as to the nature of the loss, because a claim was not filed for property damage as of December 31, 2013, the Company determined that the full amount of the proceeds received in October 2013 related to business interruption. It is our belief that the majority of the settlement will be as a result of business interruption. F-21 Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies Long Term Contracts The Company had two agreements for the purchase of raw materials. One agreement expired in mid-January 2013, at which time that agreement reverted to a month-to-month obligation. The other agreement expires in 2016. Under this agreement, we are obligated to purchase raw plastic based on the vendor’s production with a 180-day cancellation clause. We purchased less than $1.0 million of raw plastic from this vendor for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Legal Proceedings AERT is involved from time to time in litigation arising from the normal course of business that is not disclosed in its filings with the SEC. In management's opinion, this litigation is not expected to materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial condition. Class Action Lawsuits The U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington (Seattle Division) approved a class action settlement in January 2009 related to a purported class action lawsuit seeking to recover on behalf of purchasers of ChoiceDek ® composite decking for damages allegedly caused by mold and mildew stains on their decks. The settlement includes decking material purchased from January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2007, along with decking material purchased after December 31, 2007 that was manufactured before October 1, 2006, the date a mold inhibitor was introduced into the manufacturing process. In 2008, the Company accrued an estimated $2.9 million for resolving claims. In the third quarter of 2009, the Company increased its estimate of costs to be incurred in resolving claims under the settlement by $5.1 million. The estimate was revised due to events that occurred and information that became available after the second quarter of 2009 concerning primarily the number of claims received. The deadline for submitting new claims has now passed. The claim resolution process has an annual net cost limitation to the Company of $2.0 million until the claim resolution process is completed. At December 31, 2013, the Company had a total remaining balance in accrued expenses of $0.1 million associated with the settlement of the class action lawsuit. At December 31, 2014, all remaining claims associated with the accrual have been paid. Note 13: 401(k) Plan The Company sponsors the A.E.R.T. 401(k) Plan (the Plan) for the benefit of all eligible employees. The Plan provides that the Company may elect to make discretionary-matching contributions equal to a percentage of each participant’s voluntary contribution. The Company may also elect to make a profit sharing contribution to the Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a discretionary match of 25% of the first 4% of salary voluntarily contributed, which was $43 thousand. Note 14: Subsequent Events Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC In 2007, AERT entered into an operating lease with the LaSalle National Leasing Company (presently Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC). The equipment leased is identified as “Schedule 1 Equipment” and “Schedule 2 Equipment”. The operating lease contained a provision for a fair market value buy out at the end of the lease. The lease for the “Schedule 1 Equipment” terminated on December 31, 2014. On January 22, 2015, AERT entered into a new financing agreement with Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC (BOA). This agreement will finance the equipment buy out for the Schedule 1 Equipment. The terms of the new financing agreement are 18 monthly payments of $39 thousand. Payments began on February 1, 2015 and will continue until July 1, 2016. At the end of the agreement, AERT will own all of the equipment identified as Schedule 1 Equipment. F-22 The Company remains obligated to a remaining portion of the operating lease with BOA for equipment identified as Schedule 2 Equipment. The Company’s obligation for this lease will expire on March 31, 2015, at which time a new financing agreement with BOA will be negotiated. VFI Corporate Finance On January 19, 2015, the Company accepted a 36-month capital lease proposal with VFI Corporate Finance (VFI) for the purchase of material handling equipment. The terms of the lease include 36 equal payments of $19 thousand. The lease is expected to be consummated and delivery of the equipment accepted by the end of the first quarter of 2015. At the end of the lease, there will be a $1.00 (one dollar) buy out for the equipment. F-23 INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, including Certificate of Amendment filed on June 12, 1989 (a), and Certificate of Amendment filed on August 22, 1989 (b), and Certificate of Amendment filed on December 29, 1999, Certificate of Amendment filed September 23, 2010, Certificate of Amendment filed July 14, 2011, and Certificate of Correction of the Certificate of Amendment filed on April 27, 2012 (a) 3.2 Certificate of Designation of Class B common stock.(a) 3.3 Bylaws of Registrant (a) 3.4 Form of Class A common stock Certificate (c) 4.2.1 Form of Class B common stock Certificate (a) 10.1 Form of Right of Refusal Agreement among Class B common stockholders (a) 10.2 Loan Agreement between Oklahoma Department of Commerce and Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. dated July 1, 2010 (d) 10.3 Promissory Note between Oklahoma Department of Commerce and Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. dated July 1, 2010 (d) 10.4 Securities Exchange Agreement between Registrant and Investors named therein (H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C.) dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.5 Series D Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement between Registrant and Stockholders named therein dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.6 Advisory Services Agreement between Registrant and H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.7 Voting Agreement by and among Registrant and the persons named therein, dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.8 Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and Michael Phillips dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.9 Credit Agreement between the Registrant and H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C. as Administrative Agent (e) 10.10 Series A Term Note of Registrant payable to H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C. dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.11 Series B Term Note of Registrant payable to H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C dated March 18.2011 (e) 10.12 Security Agreement between Registrant and H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C. as Administrative Agent dated March 18, 2011 (e) 10.13 Lease Reinstatement, Settlement and Waiver Agreement between Registrant and Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC dated March 17, 2011 (e) 10.14 Registration Rights Agreement between Registrant and H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C. (e) 10.15 Loan Agreement between AloStar Bank of Commerce and AERT dated November 15, 2012 (f) 10.16 Subordination Agreement between AloStar Bank of Commercer and H.I.G. AERT, L.L.C. (g) 10.17 Waiver of "Special Events Default" per Series A Term Loan Interest dated July 15, 2014 (h) 10.18 Waiver of Default – H.I.G. Credit Agreement dated January 13, 2015** 10.19 Waiver of “Special Events Defaults” per Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Rights dated January 13, 2015** 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm** 31.1 Certification per Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 302) by the Company’s chief executive officer and director** 31.2 Certification per Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 302) by the Company’s chief financial officer and principal accounting officer** 32.1 Certification per Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 906) by the Company’s chief executive officer and director** 32.2 Certification per Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 906) by the Company’s chief financial officer and principal accounting officer** Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 101.IN XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document ____________ ** Filed herewith. (a) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 33-29595, filed June 28, 1989. (b) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 33-29595, filed August 24, 1989. (c) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, No. 33-29595, filed November 8, 1989. (d) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-K for December 31, 2011 filed March 30, 2012 (e) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed March 18, 2011 (f) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 8-K filed November 16, 2012 (g) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-K for December 31, 2012 filed on March 15, 2013 (h) Incorporated by reference to exhibits to Form 10-Q for June 30, 2014 filed on August 6, 2014 EX-10.18 2 exh_1018.htm EXHIBIT 10.18 exh_1018.htm Exhibit 10.18 WAIVER January 13, 2015 Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. 914 N. Jefferson Springdale, Arkansas 72764 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference hereby is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2011, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2011, and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2011 (as further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Credit Agreement ”), by and among Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Borrower ”), the lenders from time to time parties hereto (the “ Lenders ”), H.I.G. AERT, LLC, as the administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, “ Agent ”; and together with the Lenders, collectively, the “ Lender Group ”). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined or limited herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. As you are aware, Borrower has failed to perform obligations owed to the Lender Group under the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as a result of Borrower’s failure to comply with Sections 6.10(a) of the Credit Agreement, which require Borrower to have (i) a Leverage Ratio of below 3.10 to 1.00 and (ii) a Minimum EBITDA of $9.5 million, respectively (collectively, the “ Specified Events of Default ”) for four Fiscal Quarters (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ending December 31, 2014. The Specified Events of Default represent Events of Default under the Notes (as defined in the Company’s Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. dated March 17, 2011 (the “ Certificate of Designation ”)) resulting in the occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) under Section 5(a)(ii) of the Certificate of Designation. As a result of the Specified Events of Default, Events of Default have occurred and are currently continuing under the Credit Agreement. You have requested that the Lender Group waive the Specified Events of Default. This letter (this “ Waiver ”) is to advise you that the Lender Group hereby waives the Specified Events of Default and their rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement arising as a result of the Specified Events of Default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such waiver shall not waive any other requirement or hinder, restrict or otherwise modify the rights and remedies of the Lender Group following the occurrence of any other Event of Default under the Credit Agreement. Except as otherwise expressed herein, the text of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall remain in full force and effect, and the Lender Group hereby reserves its rights to require strict compliance in the future with all terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Borrower hereby reaffirms its obligations under each Credit Document to which it is a party. Borrower hereby further ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability of all of the Liens heretofore granted, pursuant to and in connection with the Security Agreement or any other Credit Document, to Agent, on behalf and for the benefit of each member of the Lender Group, as collateral security for the Obligations under the Credit Documents in accordance with their respective terms, and acknowledges that all of the Liens, and all Collateral heretofore pledged as security for the Obligations, continues to be and remain Collateral for the Obligations from and after the date hereof. Borrower hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Credit Agreement and the Credit Documents effective as of the date hereof. This Waiver may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which (including any counterpart delivered by facsimile or other electronic method of transmission) shall be deemed to be an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement, and this Waiver shall be deemed to be made under, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. This Waiver shall be effective as of the date set forth above when and only when, Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Waiver duly executed by Borrower and the Lenders. This Waiver shall constitute a Credit Document for all purposes. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Waiver to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. H.I.G. AERT, LLC , as Administrative Agent and Lender By: /s/ Bobby Sheth Name: Bobby Sheth Title: Authorized Signatory Acknowledged and agreed to as of the date first written above: ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation By: /s/ J. R.Brian Hanna Name: J.R. Brian Hanna Title: Chief Financial Officer & Principal Accounting Officer Waiver (H.I.G. LOAN Agreement) EX-10.19 3 exh_1019.htm EXHIBIT 10.19 exh_1019.htm Exhibit 10.19 January 13, 2015 Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. 914 N. Jefferson Springdale, Arkansas 72764 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, being the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), hereby acknowledges that the Company has failed to have (i) a Leverage Ratio (as defined in that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2011, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2011, and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2011 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Credit Agreement ”), by and among the Company, the lenders from time to time parties thereto and H.I.G. AERT, LLC) of below 3.10 to 1.00 and (ii) a Minimum EBITDA of $9.5 million, respectively (collectively, the “ Specified Events of Default ”) for four Fiscal Quarters (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ending December 31, 2014. The Specified Events of Default represent Events of Default under the Notes (as defined in the Company’s Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. dated March 17, 2011 (the “ Certificate of Designation ”)) resulting in the occurrence of a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) under Section 5(a)(ii) of the Certificate of Designation. You have requested that the holders of the Company’s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock waive their right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) as a result of the Specified Event of Default. This letter (this “ Waiver ”) is to advise you that the holders of the Company’s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock hereby waive the right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice solely as a result of the Specified Event of Default. This Waiver shall not (i) constitute a waiver of the right of the holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock to deliver one or more Triggering Event Redemption Notice upon the occurrence of any Triggering Event other than the Triggering Event resulting from the Specified Event of Default and (ii) otherwise hinder, restrict or modify the rights and remedies of the holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock under the Certificate of Designation. The holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock hereby reserve the right to require strict compliance in the future with all terms and conditions of, and to exercise any other rights or remedies provided for in, the Certificate of Designation. This Waiver may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which (including any counterpart delivered by facsimile or other electronic method of transmission) shall be deemed to be an original and all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Waiver to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. H.I.G. AERT, LLC , as the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock By: /s/ Bobby Sheth Name: Bobby Sheth Title: Authorized Signatory Acknowledged and agreed to as of the date first written above: ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , a Delaware corporation By: /s/ J. R.Brian Hanna Name: J.R. Brian Hanna Title: Chief Financial Officer & Principal Accounting Officer Waiver (Series E Preferred) EX-23.1 4 exh_231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 exh_231.htm Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-42555, No. 333-93763 and No. 333-147679) and Form S-8 (No. 333-120604) of our report dated March 5, 2015, relating to our audits of the financial statements of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc., which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. /s/ HoganTaylor LLP Fayetteville, Arkansas March 5, 2015 EX-31.1 5 exh_311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 exh_311.htm Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Timothy D. Morrison, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report for the year ended December 31, 2014 on Form 10-K of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 5, 2015 /s/ Timothy D. Morrison TIMOTHY D. MORRISON Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) EX-31.2 6 exh_312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 exh_312.htm Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, J. R. Brian Hanna, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report for the year ended December 31, 2014 on Form 10-K of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 5, 2015 /s/ J. R. Brian Hanna J. R. BRIAN HANNA Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer) EX-32.1 7 exh_321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 exh_321.htm Exhibit 32.1 OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I, Timothy D. Morrison, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 5, 2015 /s/ Timothy D. Morrison TIMOTHY D. MORRISON Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) EX-32.2 8 exh_322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 exh_322.htm Exhibit 32.2 OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I, J. R. Brian Hanna, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 5, 2015 /s/ J. R. Brian Hanna J. R. BRIAN HANNA Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer) EX-101.INS 9 aert-20141231.xml XBRL INSTANCE FILE 0000849706 2014-12-31 0000849706 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:ConvertibleCommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:ConvertibleCommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassBMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonClassAMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 2012-12-31 0000849706 2015-02-27 0000849706 2014-06-30 0000849706 us-gaap:BuildingMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:BuildingMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember us-gaap:MinimumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember aert:OneCustomerMember 2014-01-01 2014-09-30 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember aert:SecondCustomerMember 2014-01-01 2014-09-30 0000849706 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember aert:BlueLinxMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember aert:BlueLinxMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:DebtIssuanceCostsMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:DebtIssuanceCostsMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:ParticipatingPreferredSharesMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:ParticipatingPreferredSharesMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:MinimumMember aert:MonitoringFeesMember aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 us-gaap:MaximumMember aert:MonitoringFeesMember aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:MonitoringFeesMember aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:MonitoringFeesMember aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:BoardOfDirectorsFeesMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:BoardOfDirectorsFeesMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember aert:MonitoringFeesMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember aert:MonitoringFeesMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:GreenCountryRecyclingMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RevolvingCreditFacilityMember aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RevolvingCreditFacilityMember aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:RevolvingCreditFacilityMember aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember us-gaap:PrimeRateMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:CashInterestRateMember aert:HIGSeriesANoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:CashInterestRateMember aert:HIGSeriesBNoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember 2010-07-14 2010-07-14 0000849706 aert:OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember 2010-07-14 0000849706 2010-01-01 2012-12-31 0000849706 2012-01-01 2012-12-31 0000849706 aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:AloStarBankOfCommerceMember us-gaap:BaseRateMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:PromissoryNoteDatedJuly12009Member 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:AdairCountyIndustrialAuthoritySolidWasteRecoveryFacilitiesRevenueBondsMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:CityOfSpringdaleArkansasIndustrialDevelopmentRefundingRevenueBondsMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SecuredPromissoryNoteIssuedDecember202010Member 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGCapitalLLCMember aert:SeriesATermNoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember aert:Option1CashInterestMember 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember aert:Option2CashInterestMember 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember aert:Option2PayableInKindMember 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesATermNoteMember aert:Option2CashInterestAfter24MonthsMember 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SecuredPromissoryNoteIssuedDecember202010Member 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2011-03-18 2011-03-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2011-10-20 0000849706 2011-05-23 2011-05-23 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2011-10-21 2011-10-21 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2011-11-18 2011-11-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember aert:Option1CashInterestMember 2011-11-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember aert:Option2CashInterestMember 2011-11-18 0000849706 aert:SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember aert:Option2PayableInKindMember 2011-11-18 0000849706 aert:OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGSeriesANoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGSeriesANoteMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGSeriesBNoteMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:HIGSeriesBNoteMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:AloStarBankMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:AloStarBankMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:NotePayableOklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceInterestRateMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:NotePayableOklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceInterestRateMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:NotesPayableAloStarBankInstrestRateMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:NotesPayableAloStarBankInstrestRateMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2011-03-17 0000849706 aert:SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 2011-03-17 2011-03-17 0000849706 2011-03-17 0000849706 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:AmountRecognizedPerYearMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:DomesticCountryMember us-gaap:InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember aert:CaliforniaColoradoAndTexasMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:LongTermDeferredTaxesMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:LongTermDeferredTaxesMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 aert:CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 2014-12-31 0000849706 aert:CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 2013-12-31 0000849706 us-gaap:OtherIncomeMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0000849706 2008-12-31 0000849706 2009-09-30 0000849706 aert:BOAFinancingAgreementMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2015-01-22 2015-01-22 0000849706 aert:VFICorporateFinanceMaterialHandlingEquipmentMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2015-01-19 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:shares xbrli:pure Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created. 112000 124000 4346000 3095000 26000 55000 14316000 13150000 1134000 522000 19934000 16946000 2220000 2220000 17019000 16972000 52267000 47479000 662000 3962000 72168000 70633000 45080000 41808000 27088000 28825000 483000 853000 380000 380000 863000 1233000 47885000 47004000 4559000 3993000 25000 13000 5240000 1209000 133000 3865000 3859000 3625000 5135000 17314000 14342000 32470000 34972000 25720000 24233000 897000 882000 15000 53660000 53660000 -82176000 -81100000 -27619000 -26543000 47885000 47004000 48000 44000 1004000 634000 0.01 0.01 30000 30000 20524 20524 20524 20524 5196000 3709000 0.01 0.01 525000000 525000000 89631162 88165632 89631162 88165632 0.01 0.01 7500000 7500000 0 1465320 0 1465320 75999000 68779000 60896000 56976000 15103000 11803000 11964000 11535000 69000 9000 3208000 277000 345000 2500000 12000 80000 -3154000 -2920000 411000 -63000 1487000 1401000 -1076000 -1464000 -0.01 -0.02 89631162 89631162 88165632 882000 1465530 15000 53660000 -79636000 -1464000 88165632 882000 1465530 15000 53660000 -81100000 1465530 15000 -1465530 -15000 -1076000 89631162 897000 53660000 -82176000 -1076000 -1464000 4213000 4649000 1487000 1401000 -2587000 -2362000 5000 -2000 345000 -32000 2627000 4698000 4175000 2271000 2115000 3376000 77000 11000 418000 -1620000 -3365000 1029000 2086000 1903000 1510000 -2807000 32000 -2567000 872000 -12000 -222000 346000 ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES INC 10-K --12-31 89631162 8852922 false 0000849706 Yes No Smaller Reporting Company No 2014 FY 2014-12-31 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;1: Description of the Company</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (AERT or the Company), founded in 1988, recycles polyethylene plastic and develops, manufactures, and markets composite building materials that are used in place of traditional wood or plastic products for exterior applications in building and remodeling homes and for certain other industrial or commercial building purposes. The Company&#8217;s products are made primarily from approximately equal amounts of waste wood fiber, which have been cleaned, sized and reprocessed, and recycled polyethylene plastics that have been cleaned, processed, and reformulated utilizing our patented and proprietary technologies. Our products have been extensively tested, and are sold by leading national companies such as BlueLinx Corporation (BlueLinx), Lowe&#8217;s Companies, Inc. (Lowe&#8217;s) and Therma-Tru Corporation. The Company&#8217;s products are primarily used in renovation and remodeling by consumers, homebuilders, and contractors as an exterior environmentally responsible building alternative for decking, railing, and trim products.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s distributor for its ChoiceDek<font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">&#174;</font> products was BlueLinx Corporation. All ChoiceDek<font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">&#174;</font> products were sold by BlueLinx exclusively to Lowe&#8217;s.&#160;&#160;During late 2014, AERT, BlueLinx and Lowe&#8217;s reached an agreement to service Lowe&#8217;s stores differently.&#160;&#160;While AERT continues to service Special Order Sales (SOS) for BlueLinx, AERT began servicing select Lowe&#8217;s stores directly with the ChoiceDek&#174; products.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company currently manufactures all of its composite products at extrusion facilities in Springdale, Arkansas. The Company operates a plastic recycling, blending and storage facility in Lowell, Arkansas, where it also leases warehouses and land for inventory storage. The Company also maintains a facility at Watts, Oklahoma where it cleans, reformulates, and recycles polyethylene plastic scrap as a means to reduce the Company&#8217;s costs of recycled plastics.</font> </div><br/> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Revenue Recognition</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns, which were $3.9 million and $3.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company&#8217;s sales prices are determinable given that the Company&#8217;s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accrued Product Returns</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Revenue adjustment estimates are based on the original sales price of the product expected to be returned, transportation to AERT&#8217;s facility in Springdale, Arkansas, labor and repackaging materials, and costs to dispose of unsalable product. The accrual is reduced by the per pound cost of any unsalable product that can be re-used in the manufacturing process. Replacement deck boards are accounted for as a sale in accordance with our revenue recognition policy.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Shipping and Handling</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company records shipping fees billed to customers in net sales and records the related expenses in cost of goods sold.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Operating Costs</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The cost of goods sold line item in the Company&#8217;s statements of operations includes costs associated with the manufacture of our products, such as labor, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, utilities, leases, and raw materials, including the costs of raw material delivery, warehousing and other distribution related costs. The selling and administrative costs line item in the Company&#8217;s statements of operations includes costs associated with sales, marketing, and support activities like accounting and information technology. The types of costs incurred in those areas include labor, advertising, travel, commissions, outside professional services, leases, and depreciation.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Statements of Cash Flows</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In order to determine net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net loss has been adjusted by, among other things, changes in current assets and current liabilities, excluding changes in cash, current maturities of long-term debt and current notes payable. Those changes, shown as an (increase) decrease in current assets and an increase (decrease) in current liabilities, are as follows (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Receivables - trade and related party</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,299</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">599</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,166</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(3,682</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Prepaid expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(612</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">763</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts payable - trade and related parties</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">581</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued liabilities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(131</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(2,627</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(4,698</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for interest</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">567</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">558</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for income taxes</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities</font> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">(in thousands)</font>:</font><br /> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Notes payable for financing insurance policies</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">994</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">727</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Buildings and Equipment</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings&#160;&#8212; 15 to 30&#160;years, leasehold improvements&#160;&#8212; 2 to 6&#160;years, and machinery and equipment&#160;&#8212; 3 to 10&#160;years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8&#160;million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Inventories</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.&#160;&#160;Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost.&#160;&#160;Inventories consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Parts and supplies</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">385</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Raw materials</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,083</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4,715</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Work in progress</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,827</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,337</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Finished goods</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">7,406</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,713</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">14,316</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">13,150</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Other Assets</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. As of December&#160;31, the Company had the following amounts related to debt issuance costs (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="48%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,004</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">634</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The following table represents the total estimated future amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="80%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Estimated</font> </div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amortization</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">330</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">125</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">28</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accounts Receivable</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer&#8217;s remittance advice.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management&#8217;s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The table below presents a roll forward of our allowance for sales returns and bad debts for 2014 and 2013 (in thousands).</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="25%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Beginning</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">of Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Costs and</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Expenses</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Accounts</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Deductions</font><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">1</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">End of</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">484</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">479</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">47</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">396</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">400</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">1</font>Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Warranty Estimates</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company offers a limited warranty on its products. Estimates of expected warranty claims are recorded as liabilities and charged to income in the period revenue is recognized. Amounts accrued for warranty claims totaled $0.7 million at December 31, 2014 and $0.6 million at December 31, 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Earnings Per Share</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company utilizes the two-class method for computing and presenting earnings per share. The Company currently has two classes of common stock (the Common Stock) and one class of cumulative participating preferred stock, Series E (the Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Preferred Stock is considered a participating security requiring the two-class method for the computation and presentation of net income per share &#8211; basic.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The two-class computation method for each period segregates basic earnings per common and participating share into two categories: distributed earnings per share (i.e., the Preferred Stock stated dividend) and undistributed earnings per share, which allocates earnings after subtracting the Preferred Stock dividend to the total of weighted average common shares outstanding plus equivalent converted common shares related to the Preferred Stock. Basic earnings per common and participating share exclude the effect of Common Stock equivalents, and are computed using the two-class computation method.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive&#8212;those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share&#8212;are included. The exercise of options or conversion of convertible securities is not assumed if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a loss from continuing operations is reported. As a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even if an entity has net income after adjusting for discontinued operations, an extraordinary item or the cumulative effect of an accounting change. The Company incurred losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Therefore, basic EPS and diluted EPS were computed in the same manner. The following table presents the two-class method for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands, except share and per share data)</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Year ended December 31</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net loss applicable to common stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,076</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,464</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred stock dividend</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,401</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net income (loss) before dividends</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">411</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(63</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Per share information:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic earnings per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Distributed earnings per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Earned, unpaid dividends per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Undistributed losses per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" colspan="4" valign="bottom" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic weighted average common shares:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px; PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Participating preferred shares - if converted</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">332,141,946</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">312,938,898</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">421,773,108</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">402,570,060</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of preferred shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although not included in the basic earnings per share calculation under the two-class method due to a period of loss, the Company had participating securities outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The following schedule presents these securities for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="70%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Series E preferred stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">342,930,966</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">323,104,117</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although these financial instruments were not included due to a period of loss for the year ended December 31, 2014, such financial instruments would need to be included with future calculations of basic EPS under the two-class method in periods of income.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Concentration Risk</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Credit Risk</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s revenues are derived principally from national and regional building products distributors. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers. The Company&#8217;s concentration in the building materials industry has the potential to impact its exposure to credit risk because changes in economic or other conditions in the construction industry may similarly affect the Company&#8217;s customers.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company has significant customer concentration, with one customer representing approximately 50% and another representing 14% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, as compared to one customer who represented approximately 80% at December 31, 2013. We commenced selling direct to Lowe&#8217;s at the end of 2014.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Major Customers</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">For the year ended December 31, 2014, BlueLinx represented approximately 50% of the Company&#8217;s revenue compared to 60% for the year ended December 31, 2013.&#160;&#160;Our next leading customer accounted for 10% of the Company&#8217;s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 9% for the year ended December 31, 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Cash</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;The Company maintains bank accounts which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. At times, cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company believes no significant concentrations of risk exist with respect to its cash.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The fair value of the Company&#8217;s long-term debt has been estimated by the Company based upon each obligation&#8217;s characteristics, including remaining maturities, interest rate, credit rating, and collateral and amortization schedule. The carrying amount approximates fair value.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Use of Estimates</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Advertising Costs</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Research and Development Costs</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $0.6 million and $0.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Recent Accounting Pronouncements</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</font> (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures).&#160; We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our financial statements and have not yet determined the method with which we will adopt the standard in 2017.</font> </div><br/> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns, which were $3.9 million and $3.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company&#8217;s sales prices are determinable given that the Company&#8217;s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts.</font></div> 3900000 3500000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Revenue adjustment estimates are based on the original sales price of the product expected to be returned, transportation to AERT&#8217;s facility in Springdale, Arkansas, labor and repackaging materials, and costs to dispose of unsalable product. The accrual is reduced by the per pound cost of any unsalable product that can be re-used in the manufacturing process. Replacement deck boards are accounted for as a sale in accordance with our revenue recognition policy.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company records shipping fees billed to customers in net sales and records the related expenses in cost of goods sold.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The cost of goods sold line item in the Company&#8217;s statements of operations includes costs associated with the manufacture of our products, such as labor, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, utilities, leases, and raw materials, including the costs of raw material delivery, warehousing and other distribution related costs. The selling and administrative costs line item in the Company&#8217;s statements of operations includes costs associated with sales, marketing, and support activities like accounting and information technology. The types of costs incurred in those areas include labor, advertising, travel, commissions, outside professional services, leases, and depreciation.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In order to determine net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net loss has been adjusted by, among other things, changes in current assets and current liabilities, excluding changes in cash, current maturities of long-term debt and current notes payable. Those changes, shown as an (increase) decrease in current assets and an increase (decrease) in current liabilities, are as follows (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Receivables - trade and related party</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,299</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">599</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,166</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(3,682</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Prepaid expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(612</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">763</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts payable - trade and related parties</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">581</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued liabilities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(131</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(2,627</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(4,698</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for interest</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">567</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">558</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for income taxes</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities</font> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">(in thousands)</font>:</font><br /> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Notes payable for financing insurance policies</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">994</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">727</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Buildings and Equipment</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings&#160;&#8212; 15 to 30&#160;years, leasehold improvements&#160;&#8212; 2 to 6&#160;years, and machinery and equipment&#160;&#8212; 3 to 10&#160;years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8&#160;million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Inventories</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.&#160;&#160;Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost.&#160;&#160;Inventories consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Parts and supplies</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">385</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Raw materials</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,083</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4,715</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Work in progress</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,827</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,337</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Finished goods</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">7,406</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,713</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">14,316</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">13,150</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Other Assets</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. As of December&#160;31, the Company had the following amounts related to debt issuance costs (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="48%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,004</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">634</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The following table represents the total estimated future amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="80%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Estimated</font> </div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amortization</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">330</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">125</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">28</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accounts Receivable</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer&#8217;s remittance advice.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management&#8217;s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings&#160;&#8212; 15 to 30&#160;years, leasehold improvements&#160;&#8212; 2 to 6&#160;years, and machinery and equipment&#160;&#8212; 3 to 10&#160;years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8&#160;million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets.</font></div> P15Y P30Y P2Y P6Y P3Y P10Y 3800000 4300000 0 0 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.&#160;&#160;Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer&#8217;s remittance advice.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management&#8217;s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The table below presents a roll forward of our allowance for sales returns and bad debts for 2014 and 2013 (in thousands).</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="25%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Beginning</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">of Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Costs and</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Expenses</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Accounts</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Deductions</font><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">1</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">End of</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">484</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">479</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">47</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">396</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">400</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">1</font>Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Warranty Estimates</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company offers a limited warranty on its products. Estimates of expected warranty claims are recorded as liabilities and charged to income in the period revenue is recognized. Amounts accrued for warranty claims totaled $0.7 million at December 31, 2014 and $0.6 million at December 31, 2013.</font></div> 0.7 0.6 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company utilizes the two-class method for computing and presenting earnings per share. The Company currently has two classes of common stock (the Common Stock) and one class of cumulative participating preferred stock, Series E (the Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Preferred Stock is considered a participating security requiring the two-class method for the computation and presentation of net income per share &#8211; basic.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The two-class computation method for each period segregates basic earnings per common and participating share into two categories: distributed earnings per share (i.e., the Preferred Stock stated dividend) and undistributed earnings per share, which allocates earnings after subtracting the Preferred Stock dividend to the total of weighted average common shares outstanding plus equivalent converted common shares related to the Preferred Stock. Basic earnings per common and participating share exclude the effect of Common Stock equivalents, and are computed using the two-class computation method.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive&#8212;those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share&#8212;are included. The exercise of options or conversion of convertible securities is not assumed if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a loss from continuing operations is reported. As a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even if an entity has net income after adjusting for discontinued operations, an extraordinary item or the cumulative effect of an accounting change. The Company incurred losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Therefore, basic EPS and diluted EPS were computed in the same manner. The following table presents the two-class method for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands, except share and per share data)</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Year ended December 31</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net loss applicable to common stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,076</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,464</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred stock dividend</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,401</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net income (loss) before dividends</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">411</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(63</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Per share information:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic earnings per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Distributed earnings per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Earned, unpaid dividends per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Undistributed losses per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" colspan="4" valign="bottom" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic weighted average common shares:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px; PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Participating preferred shares - if converted</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">332,141,946</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">312,938,898</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">421,773,108</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">402,570,060</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of preferred shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although not included in the basic earnings per share calculation under the two-class method due to a period of loss, the Company had participating securities outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The following schedule presents these securities for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="70%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Series E preferred stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">342,930,966</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">323,104,117</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although these financial instruments were not included due to a period of loss for the year ended December 31, 2014, such financial instruments would need to be included with future calculations of basic EPS under the two-class method in periods of income.</font></div> 0.06 1000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s revenues are derived principally from national and regional building products distributors. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers. The Company&#8217;s concentration in the building materials industry has the potential to impact its exposure to credit risk because changes in economic or other conditions in the construction industry may similarly affect the Company&#8217;s customers.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company has significant customer concentration, with one customer representing approximately 50% and another representing 14% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, as compared to one customer who represented approximately 80% at December 31, 2013. We commenced selling direct to Lowe&#8217;s at the end of 2014.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Major Customers</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">For the year ended December 31, 2014, BlueLinx represented approximately 50% of the Company&#8217;s revenue compared to 60% for the year ended December 31, 2013.&#160;&#160;Our next leading customer accounted for 10% of the Company&#8217;s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 9% for the year ended December 31, 2013.</font></div> 0.50 0.14 0.80 0.50 0.60 0.10 0.09 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company maintains bank accounts which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. At times, cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company believes no significant concentrations of risk exist with respect to its cash.</font></div> 250000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The fair value of the Company&#8217;s long-term debt has been estimated by the Company based upon each obligation&#8217;s characteristics, including remaining maturities, interest rate, credit rating, and collateral and amortization schedule. The carrying amount approximates fair value.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.</font></div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013.</font></div> 1100000 900000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $0.6 million and $0.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</font></div> 600000 400000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</font> (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures).&#160; We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our financial statements and have not yet determined the method with which we will adopt the standard in 2017.</font></div> <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Receivables - trade and related party</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,299</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">599</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Inventories</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,166</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(3,682</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Prepaid expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(612</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">763</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts payable - trade and related parties</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">581</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued liabilities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(131</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,689</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(2,627</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(4,698</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for interest</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">567</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">558</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash paid for income taxes</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 1299000 -599000 1166000 3682000 -612000 763000 581000 -689000 -131000 -1689000 567000 558000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Notes payable for financing insurance policies</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">994</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">727</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 994000 727000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Parts and supplies</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">385</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Raw materials</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,083</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4,715</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Work in progress</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,827</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,337</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Finished goods</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">7,406</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,713</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">14,316</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">13,150</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 385000 5083000 4715000 1827000 2337000 7406000 5713000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2014</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="24%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">2013</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="48%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Gross Carrying</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="11%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Accumulated</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amortization</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="48%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Debt issuance costs</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,004</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="10%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">634</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 1487000 1004000 1487000 634000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="80%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Estimated</font> </div> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amortization</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">330</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">125</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">28</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 330000 125000 28000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="25%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Beginning</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">of Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Costs and</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Expenses</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Charged to</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Accounts</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Deductions</font><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">1</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Balance at</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">End of</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">484</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">479</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="25%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">47</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">396</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">400</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">43</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 43000 484000 479000 48000 47000 396000 400000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Year ended December 31</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net loss applicable to common stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,076</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,464</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred stock dividend</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,487</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,401</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net income (loss) before dividends</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">411</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(63</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Per share information:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic earnings per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Distributed earnings per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.00</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Earned, unpaid dividends per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Undistributed losses per share:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" colspan="4" valign="bottom" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share:</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.01</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(0.02</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 7%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">72.45</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">68.26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basic weighted average common shares:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">89,631,162</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px; PADDING-LEFT: 3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Participating preferred shares - if converted</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">332,141,946</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">312,938,898</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">421,773,108</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">402,570,060</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt; PADDING-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total weighted average number of preferred shares</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">20,524</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 411000 -63000 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 72.45 68.26 -0.01 -0.02 72.45 68.26 89631162 89631162 332141946 312938898 421773108 402570060 20524 20524 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="70%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BORDER-TOP: #646464 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Series E preferred stock</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">342,930,966</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">323,104,117</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 342930966000 323104117000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;3: Related Party Transactions</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;<font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Advisory Services Agreement</font></font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement between H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. and the Company (the Advisory Services Agreement) on March 18, 2011 that provides for an annual monitoring fee between $250,000 and $500,000 (the Monitoring Fee) and reimbursement of all other out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C.&#160;&#160;For each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized $250,000 for advisory services fees.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Other</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The balance of related party accounts included the following amounts:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-22" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued board of directors&#8217; fees of $25 thousand at December 31, 2014 and $14 thousand at December 31, 2013.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-23" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">There were no accrued advisory services fees owed to H.I.G as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-24" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accounts receivable from Green Country Recycling, LLC, for whom Joe G. Brooks, Chairman, acts as an advisor was $26 thousand at December 31, 2013.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/> 250000 500000 250000 250000 25000 14000 0 0 26000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;4: Line of Credit</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">AERT has a line of credit (Revolver Loan) agreement with AloStar. The $8.0 million Revolver Loan is subject to a reserve of $1.0 million. Interest is assessed at the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR rate as shown in the <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">Wall Street Journal</font> on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the Revolver Loan for which such rate is being determined plus 4% at December 31, 2014. If the LIBOR cannot be determined, the interest will be calculated using the prime lending rate plus 2%. The interest rate at December 31, 2014 was 5%. The Revolver Loan is secured by 85% of accounts receivable after a reduction for amounts owed by international customers. The Revolver Loan is also secured by 60% of the eligible inventory or 85% of the net orderly liquidation value of the inventory. The Revolver at AloStar had a $3.6 million balance at December 31, 2014. The proceeds available to draw down on the Revolver loan at December 31, 2014 were $3.4 million.</font> </div><br/> 8000000 1000000 0.010 0.04 0.02 0.05 0.85 0.60 0.85 3600000 3400000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;5: Long-Term Debt</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands)</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-term debt, less current maturities consisted of the following at December 31:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">3% note payable to the Oklahoma Department of Commerce; secured by assets purchased / constructed with the loan proceeds; matures April 1, 2027</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,552</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,722</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">H.I.G. Series A Note (a)</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">13,497</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">12,469</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">H.I.G. Series B Note (b)</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">16,574</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">15,015</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan bearing interest at 5.5%; secured by a continuing security interest in and lien upon all personal proerty, including all goods, inventory, equipment, all instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, intellectural property, deposit accounts, and investment property, matures November 15, 2015.</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4,917</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,917</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">170</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">58</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 2%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">37,710</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">36,181</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Less Current Maturities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(5,240</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,209</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Long-term debt, less current maturities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">32,470</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34,972</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" colspan="2" valign="top" width="63%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">______________________________</font> </div> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="top" width="3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(a)</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="top" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash interest of 4% plus 4% PIK interest added quarterly to principal.&#160;&#160;Additions occur after quarter-end.&#160;&#160;To date all cash interest on H.I.G. Series A Note has been added to principal.</font> </div> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="top" width="3%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(b)</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="top" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash interest of 4% plus 6% PIK interest added quarterly to principal.&#160;&#160;Additions occur after quarter-end.&#160;&#160;To date, all cash interest on H.I.G. Series B Note has been added to principal.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2014 were as follows:</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="70%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands)</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,240</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">199</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">30,260</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2018</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">192</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2019</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">197</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Thereafter</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,622</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">37,710</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Oklahoma Energy Program Loan</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">On July 14, 2010, we entered into a loan agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Commerce (ODOC) whereby ODOC agreed to a 15-year, $3.0 million loan to AERT at a fixed interest rate of 3.0%. The loan was made pursuant to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act State Energy Program for the State of Oklahoma, and funded the second phase of AERT&#8217;s new recycling facility in Watts, Oklahoma. Payments on the loan began May 1, 2012. The balance on the loan at December 31, 2014 was $2.6 million.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">ODOC, under award number 14215 SSEP09, advanced $3.0 million to AERT throughout 2010, 2011 and 2012. As of December 31, 2012, a total of $3.0 million was spent on contract labor, contract materials, and equipment. In addition, as of December 31, 2012, matching funds of $9.2 million were contributed (in-kind) to the project by AERT.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Term Loan requires that AloStar hold first security interest to the majority of AERT&#8217;s plant, property, and equipment; as well as, real estate. Payments on the principal portion of the loan commenced on December 1, 2012 and will be made in 36 equal monthly installments of $0.08 million plus interest. The final installment $4.1 million shall be due and payable on the commitment termination date. Interest is calculated at 4.5% plus the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR Rate as shown in the <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">Wall Street Journal</font> on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in amounts approximately equal to the principal amount of the Loan for which such rate is being determined or, if such day is not a Business Day on the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest accrued on the principal balance of the Term Loan shall be due and payable on the first day of each month, computed through the last day of the preceding month. Interest, expressed in simple interest terms as of December 31, 2014, is 5.5%.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Term Loan contains certain covenants, including restrictions on: (1) fundamental changes in ownership, (2) conduct of business, (3) declaration of distributions, (4) amendments or modifications to existing agreements, (5) property acquisitions, (6) affiliated party transactions, and (7) hedging agreements.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Recapitalization Agreement - H.I.G. Long Term Debt</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In connection with the recapitalization, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with H.I.G. (the Exchange Agreement), and a Credit Agreement with H.I.G. (the Credit Agreement), each dated March 18, 2011. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and the Credit Agreement, in exchange for the Company&#8217;s debt:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-25" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$6,806,656 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Allstate Promissory Note, dated July 1, 2009, issued by the Company;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-26" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$13,281,084 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds issued in 2007;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-27" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$10,436,409 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the City of Springdale Arkansas, Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds issued in 2008;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-28" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$2,096,667 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Secured Promissory Note (2010 Note) issued on December 20, 2010;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-29" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">and H.I.G. making approximately $6.9 million in additional new capital available to the Company,</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">H.I.G. was issued:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-30" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 38.65pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">a Series A Term Note (Series A Note) in the aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000,</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-31" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 38.65pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">a Series B Senior Term Note (Series B Note, and collectively with the Series A Note, the Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $9,000,000 (or such lesser amount as is actually borrowed thereunder),</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-32" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 38.65pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">and 20,524.149 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Series E Preferred Stock).</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">As a result, upon consummation of the transactions (including the Series D Exchange Agreement described hereunder), H.I.G. held $17,596,667 outstanding principal of senior secured debt of the Company and owned approximately 80% of the outstanding common equity securities of the Company on a fully diluted, as converted basis. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, until such time as H.I.G. no longer owns at least 20% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis, H.I.G. has the right to purchase securities in any subsequent issuance or sale of securities by the Company in an amount equal to the greater of (i) H.I.G.&#8217;s ownership percentage as of the business day prior to its receipt of notice of the proposed issuance or sale by the Company or (ii) 51%.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company issued to H.I.G. the Notes, which are secured by a grant of a security interest in all of the Company&#8217;s assets in accordance with the terms of a Security Agreement, Patent Security Agreement, Copyright Security Agreement and Trademark Security Agreement, each dated March 18, 2011. The Series A Note matures six years after the closing of the Transactions (the Closing) and, at the Company&#8217;s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 8.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal to 4.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series A Note (with the latter option only being available for the first 24 months following the Closing, after which the Series A Note will bear cash interest at 8.0% per annum). This option was extended through 2014.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Upon the Closing, H.I.G. converted the $2,000,000 principal amount of the 2010 Note and accrued interest thereon into borrowings under the Series B Note. In addition, an additional $5.5 million was funded and drawn under the Series B Note at Closing. On October 20, 2011, AERT and H.I.G. amended this Credit Agreement to provide the Company with an additional $3.0 million to be drawn, as needed. The Company drew down $1.0 million on May 23, 2011, $2.0 million on October 21, 2011, and $1.0 million on November 18, 2011 to help fund operations. The Series B Note matures six years after the Closing and, at the Company&#8217;s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 10.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal 6.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series B Term Note. This option was extended through 2014.&#160;&#160;The Series B Note ranks <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">pari passu</font> to the Series A Note.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">As of December 31, 2014, AERT did not comply with the leverage ratio covenant required by the Series A and B Term Notes. The debt covenant has been waived by H.I.G. per the Waiver of Specified Events of Default as of January 13, 2015. Payment of cash interest was waived until January 1, 2015.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Credit Agreement contains provisions requiring mandatory payments upon the Notes equal to 50% of the Company&#8217;s &#8220;Excess Cash Flow&#8221; (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and equal to 100% of proceeds from most non-ordinary course asset dispositions, additional debt issuances or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees), and contains covenant restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, liens, leases or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees).</font> </div><br/> 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.06 P15Y 3000000 0.030 2600000 3000000 3000000 9200000 36 80000 4100000 0.045 0.010 0.055 6806656 13281084 10436409 2096667 6900000 10000000 9000000 17596667 0.80 0.20 0.51 P6Y 0.080 0.040 0.040 0.080 2000000 5500000 3000000 1000000 2000000 1000000 P6Y 0.100 0.040 0.060 0.50 1.00 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Year Ended</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December 31,</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands)</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-term debt, less current maturities consisted of the following at December 31:</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">3% note payable to the Oklahoma Department of Commerce; secured by assets purchased / constructed with the loan proceeds; matures April 1, 2027</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,552</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,722</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">H.I.G. Series A Note (a)</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">13,497</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">12,469</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">H.I.G. Series B Note (b)</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">16,574</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">15,015</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 9pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan bearing interest at 5.5%; secured by a continuing security interest in and lien upon all personal proerty, including all goods, inventory, equipment, all instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, intellectural property, deposit accounts, and investment property, matures November 15, 2015.</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4,917</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,917</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">170</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">58</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-LEFT: 2%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">37,710</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">36,181</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Less Current Maturities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(5,240</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,209</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="70%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Long-term debt, less current maturities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">32,470</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34,972</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 2552000 2722000 13497000 12469000 16574000 15015000 4917000 5917000 170000 58000 37710000 36181000 0.030 0.030 0.055 0.055 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="70%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(in thousands)</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Amount</font></font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,240</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">199</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">30,260</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2018</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">192</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2019</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">197</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <div style="TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Thereafter</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,622</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">37,710</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 5240000 199000 30260000 192000 197000 1622000 37710000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;6: Equity</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company issued 20,524.149 shares of newly authorized Series E Preferred Stock to H.I.G. at the Closing. The Series E Preferred Stock was authorized by the filing of a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company filed on March 17, 2011 with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Series E Designation). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Shares of the Series E Preferred Stock and all accrued dividends thereon are convertible at any time at the holder&#8217;s election into shares of the Company&#8217;s Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) at a</font> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">conversion price of $0.075 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The Series E Preferred Stock ranks senior to all other equity securities of the Company. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock have the right to vote their ownership interests in the Series E Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock also have the right to elect four of the Company&#8217;s seven directors while they hold outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock representing at least 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis. If the outstanding shareholding of Series E Preferred Stock at any time represents less than 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock will have the right to elect one of the Company&#8217;s seven directors. The Series E Designation contains customary protective voting provisions and other rights customarily granted to holders of preferred equity securities.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable except under certain conditions which may be out of the control of the Company. An event of default under the Series A and B Term notes, for example, the failure to meet specified financial covenants, may trigger a redemption right to the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred stockholders. As a result, the carrying value of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is reported in temporary equity.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">On January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC, the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, waived the Specified Events of Default as a result of AERT failing to have achieved a Leverage Ratio of below 3.1 to 1.0 for the four Fiscal Quarters ending December 31, 2014 and having failed to achieve the minimum consolidated EBITDA of $9.5 million.&#160;&#160;In addition, on January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC waived its right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice on the Series E stock solely as a result of the Specified Events of Default.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The initial conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is fixed and will remain the conversion price subject to the anti-dilution adjustments described below. The conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is subject to customary weighted-average anti-dilution adjustments, which will be made (subject to certain exceptions) in the event that AERT:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-33" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">issues or sells common stock for consideration per share less than a price equal to the current market price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-34" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">pays dividends or other distributions on the common stock in shares of common stock;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-35" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">subdivides, splits or combines the shares of common stock;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-36" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">subject to certain exceptions and limitations, issues options, rights or warrants entitling the holders to purchase common stock at less than the then-current market price (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series E Preferred Stock);</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-37" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">issues or sells any securities that are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock and the lowest price per share for which one share of common stock is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof is less than the then-current market price;</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-38" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">makes changes to the terms of outstanding options, warrants, or convertible securities (including those that were outstanding as of March 18, 2011, the original issue date of the Series E Preferred Stock) and that would result in a dilutive effect on the Series E Preferred Stock; in general, in such event the adjustment shall be calculated as if the changed terms had been in effect from the initial issuance of such securities and such securities issued before March 18, 2011 shall be treated as if newly issued as of the date of such change; provided that no adjustment will be made in such case if such adjustment would result in an increase in the conversion price then in effect; and</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-39" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 36pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="display: inline; font-family: Symbol, serif;">&#183;</font></font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">takes any action that would result in dilution of the Series E Preferred Stock but is not specifically provided for in the Series E Preferred Stock certificate of designations (including granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), in which case the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the conversion price so as to protect the rights of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, subject to certain qualifications.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Common Stock</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Class&#160;A common stock and the Class&#160;B common stock are substantially similar in all respects except that the Class&#160;B common stock has five votes per share while the Class&#160;A common stock has one vote per share. Each share of Class&#160;B common stock is convertible at any time at the holder&#8217;s option to one share of Class&#160;A common stock and, except in certain instances, is automatically converted into one share of Class&#160;A common stock upon any sale or transfer.&#160;&#160;The holders of Class B common stock elected to convert all their outstanding shares to Class A common stock during 2014.</font> </div><br/> 20524.149 0.06 1000 0.075 0.20 3.1 9500000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;7: Stock Option Plans</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Additional stock options are not issuable under the Company&#8217;s stock option plans, as the plans and any outstanding options have expired.</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="10" valign="bottom" width="28%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Shares</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Weighted</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Average</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Exercise</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Price</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Aggregate</font></font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Intrinsic</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Value at</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">31, 2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Shares</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Weighted</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Average</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Exercise</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Price</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Outstanding, beginning of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">350,000</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.17</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Granted</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Exercised</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Forfeited</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(350,000</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.17</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Outstanding, end of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Exercisable, end of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/> <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="10" valign="bottom" width="28%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Shares</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Weighted</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Average</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Exercise</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Price</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Aggregate</font></font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Intrinsic</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Value at</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">December</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">31, 2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Shares</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Weighted</font></font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Average</font></font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Exercise</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Price</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Outstanding, beginning of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">350,000</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.17</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Granted</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Exercised</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Forfeited</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 1.1pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(350,000</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.17</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Outstanding, end of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="49%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Exercisable, end of year</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 350000 1.17 -350000 1.17 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;8: Equity Incentive Plan</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) is an equity-based incentive compensation plan that is used to distribute Awards to qualified employees, thereby fulfilling the following objectives of the Company:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-40" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">To enhance the Company&#8217;s ability to attract highly qualified personnel</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-41" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">To strengthen the Company&#8217;s retention capabilities</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-42" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">3.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">To enhance the long-term performance and competitiveness of the Company</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-43" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">To align the interest of Plan participants with those of the Company&#8217;s shareholders.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on March 3, 2012 and by the Shareholders at the 2012 Shareholders&#8217; Meeting held in Springdale, Arkansas on June 27, 2012.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Administration</font></font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The 2012 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee (Committee) of the Board of Directors, and thereafter by such committee as the board may from time to time designate, or by the board itself, if it shall so designate. Except when the entire board is acting as the 2012 Plan Administrator, the Committee administering the 2012 Plan shall consist solely of two or more persons all of whom are both &#8220;non-employee directors&#8221; within the meaning of Rule&#160;16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Plan Basics</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">A total of 40,000,000 shares are available for issuance under the Plan. The shares deliverable pursuant to Awards shall be authorized but unissued shares, or shares that the Company otherwise holds in treasury or trust. Participants are solely responsible for taxes due on Awards. Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,&#160;&#160;transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. In the event of a change of control, shares will be equitably adjusted. Awards will be assumed by the successor company; the Awards Committee may accelerate vesting, arrange for cash payment, terminate all or some Awards, or make other modifications. Pursuant to the Awards Agreement, the Company may terminate, rescind, or recapture any outstanding, unexercised, unexpired, unpaid, or deferred Awards. The Company may require that any Participant reimburse the Company for all or any portion of the Awards granted under this Plan. No Participant shall have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until the date of issuance of a share certificate. The Plan will be valid for a period of 10 years.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Committee will have the power and authority to select and grant to participants the following types of Awards:</font> </div><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-44" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Options give the Participant the right to purchase Company stock at a given price over an extended period of time. Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) are within the definition of IRS &#167;422. In the case of an ISO granted to a Participant who is a 10% shareholder on the grant date, the exercise price shall be at least 110% of the fair market value.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-45" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Share Appreciation Rights (SARs) provide the Participant with a cash (or shares) payment based on the increase in the value of a stated number of shares over a specific period of time. A participant may wish to use an IRS &#167;83(b) election, which will allow the Participant to recognize the value of the SARs as income upon the purchase of the stock.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-46" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">3.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) are shares of stock for which a Participant is eligible after certain restrictions are fulfilled. Restrictions are pursuant to the Awards Agreement. The Participant shall receive unrestricted shares (or cash) in settlement of the Award. Restricted Shares, RSUs and Unrestricted Shares are not inconsistent with the Plan. If the shares are purchased and forfeited for any reason, the purchase price is refunded to the Participant and the shares of stock remain with the Company.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-47" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) are permitted within the Plan guidelines. The Committee may permit select eligible persons who are Directors or members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees (within the meaning of ERISA) to irrevocably elect to forego the receipt of cash or other compensation in lieu thereof to have the Company credit to an internal Plan account the number of DSUs deferred. DSUs are 100% vested at all times.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-48" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Performance and cash-settled Awards are based on achievement of performance measures for a performance period in relation to a performance formula. The maximum Award will be 10,000,000 shares or $1.0 million. The Committee may defer the Award.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" id="hangingindent-49" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr valign="top"> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td style="WIDTH: 18pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">6.</font> </div> </td> <td> <div align="justify"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Dividend Equivalent Rights give the Participant the right to receive a payment, in shares or in cash that is equivalent to the value of dividends declared on shares as of all dividend payment dates. The Award is paid on the record date of dividends and is pursuant to the Awards Agreement.</font> </div> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">As of December 31, 2014, no awards have been made.</font> </div><br/> 40000000 0.10 1.10 1.00 10000000 1000000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;9: Leases</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">At December&#160;31, 2014, the Company was obligated under various operating leases covering certain buildings and equipment that expire between 2014 and 2019. Operating lease expense was $2.8 million for each of the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013. These amounts for rent expense are considerably higher than the future minimum lease payments each year shown in the table below due to many of our operating equipment leases having durations of less than one year.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Future minimum lease payments required under operating leases as of December&#160;31, 2014, are as follows <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">(in</font> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">thousands):</font></font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="80%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Operating</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Leases</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">858</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">470</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">50</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2018</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2019</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total minimum payments required</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,408</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/> 2800000 2800000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="80%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline">Year</font></font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="13%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Operating</font></font> </div><font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Leases</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2015</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">858</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2016</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">470</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2017</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">50</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2018</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">26</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2019</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">4</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="85%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total minimum payments required</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.25pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="12%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,408</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 858000 470000 50000 26000 4000 1408000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;10: Income Taxes</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company had no income tax provision for State and Federal income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The income tax provisions for 2014 and 2013 differ from the amounts computed by applying the US federal statutory rate of 34% to income as a result of the following (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amount</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Percent</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amount</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Percent</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">140</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(21</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Permanent differences</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">11</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(93.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">58</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(93.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Change in valuation allowance</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(151</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">59.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(37</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">59.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The tax effects of significant temporary differences representing deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands):</font> </div><br/><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Current</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-Term</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Current</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-Term</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Deferred tax assets&#160;&#8212;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net operating loss carryforwards</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">9,889</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">8,786</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">799</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">811</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Valuation allowance</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(655</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(8,904</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,078</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(8,738</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">300</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">471</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total deferred tax assets</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,033</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Deferred tax liability&#160;&#8212;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Depreciation</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">855</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Prepaid expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">178</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total deferred tax liabilities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,033</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net deferred tax</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">As of December 31, 2014, the Company had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal income tax purposes, which are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the NOL carryforwards will expire between 2017 and 2031. In March 2011, H.I.G. AERT, LLC acquired a controlling interest in the Company, which resulted in a significant restriction on the utilization of the Company&#8217;s net operating loss carryforwards. It is estimated that the utilization of future NOL carryforwards will be limited (per IRC 382) to approximately $0.8 million per year for the next 17 years. The impact of this limitation is approximately $27.3 million in NOL&#8217;s, which will expire before the Company can use them. The estimated annual effective income tax rate for 2014 is 0% due to the use of net operating loss carryforwards.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">As there is insufficient evidence that the Company will be able to generate adequate future taxable income to enable it to realize its net operating loss carryforwards prior to expiration, the Company maintains a valuation allowance to recognize its deferred tax assets only to the extent of its deferred tax liabilities.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Based upon a review of its income tax filing positions, the Company believes that its positions would be sustained upon an audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company recognizes interest related to income taxes as interest expense and recognizes penalties as operating expense.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is subject to routine audits by various taxing jurisdictions. The examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the Service) of the Company&#8217;s 2010 federal tax return yielded changes that did not affect the tax that was reported on the return; therefore, the Service has accepted the return. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2011, except in the States of California, Colorado and Texas, for which the 2010 tax year is still subject to examination.</font> </div><br/> 800000 27300000 0 2011 2010 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amount</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Percent</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Amount</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Percent</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">140</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(21</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">34.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Permanent differences</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">11</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(93.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">58</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(93.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Change in valuation allowance</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(151</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">59.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(37</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">59.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 140000 0.340 -21000 0.340 11000 -0.930 58000 -0.930 -151000 0.590 -37000 0.590 0.000 0.000 <table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="100%" style="FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman"> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2014</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="6" valign="bottom" width="18%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">2013</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Current</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-Term</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Current</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 0.75pt"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="center"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long-Term</font> </div> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Deferred tax assets&#160;&#8212;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td colspan="2" valign="bottom" width="8%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net operating loss carryforwards</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">9,889</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">8,786</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accrued expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">799</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">811</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Valuation allowance</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(655</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(8,904</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(1,078</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">(8,738</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">)</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">300</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">471</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">48</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total deferred tax assets</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,033</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Deferred tax liability&#160;&#8212;</font> </div> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Depreciation</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">855</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Prepaid expenses</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: right"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="TEXT-ALIGN: left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Other</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">178</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr style="background-color: #CCEEFF;"> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Total deferred tax liabilities</font> </div> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">444</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,033</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 2px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">204</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="right" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">96</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1.1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> <tr> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="59%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Net deferred tax</font> </div> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="2%" style="PADDING-BOTTOM: 4px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td align="left" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">$</font> </td> <td valign="bottom" width="7%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">-</font> </td> <td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" width="1%" style="BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.75pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font> </td> </tr> </table> 9889000 8786000 799000 48000 811000 655000 8904000 1078000 8738000 300000 471000 48000 444000 1033000 204000 96000 855000 96000 444000 204000 178000 444000 1033000 204000 96000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note 11:&#160;&#160;Business Interruption</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">On July 17, 2013, the Company experienced a fire at its Springdale North extrusion facility and a silo fire on July 25, 2013, at its Lowell facility. These facilities were closed temporarily while the Company, local, state, and federal officials investigated and repairs were made. The Lowell plant re-commenced operations on July 30, 2013 while the first line at the extrusion plant re-commenced production on August 16, 2013. The remaining four extrusion lines were brought back into operation between August 17 and August 23, 2013. Final adjustments and repairs to the extrusion lines were done in the first quarter of 2014.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company included the $2.5 million insurance advance received in partial settlement of the Springdale fire in October 2013, as other income on the Statement of Operations. AERT filed preliminary claims for both the property damage and the business interruption losses. Although our insurance underwriters have yet to finalize their determination as to the nature of the loss, because a claim was not filed for property damage as of December 31, 2013, the Company determined that the full amount of the proceeds received in October 2013 related to business interruption. It is our belief that the majority of the settlement will be as a result of business interruption.</font> </div><br/> 2500000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;12: Commitments and Contingencies</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Long Term Contracts</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company had two agreements for the purchase of raw materials. One agreement expired in mid-January 2013, at which time that agreement reverted to a month-to-month obligation. The other agreement expires in 2016.&#160;&#160;Under this agreement, we are obligated to purchase raw plastic based on the vendor&#8217;s production with a 180-day cancellation clause.&#160;&#160;We purchased less than $1.0 million of raw plastic from this vendor for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Legal Proceedings</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">AERT is involved from time to time in litigation arising from the normal course of business that is not disclosed in its filings with the SEC. In management's opinion, this litigation is not expected to materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial condition.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold"><font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline">Class Action Lawsuits</font></font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington (Seattle Division) approved a class action settlement in January 2009 related to a purported class action lawsuit seeking to recover on behalf of purchasers of ChoiceDek<font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-SIZE: 70%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: text-top">&#174;</font> composite decking for damages allegedly caused by mold and mildew stains on their decks. The settlement includes decking material purchased from January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2007, along with decking material purchased after December 31, 2007 that was manufactured before October 1, 2006, the date a mold inhibitor was introduced into the manufacturing process.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In 2008, the Company accrued an estimated $2.9 million for resolving claims. In the third quarter of 2009, the Company increased its estimate of costs to be incurred in resolving claims under the settlement by $5.1 million. The estimate was revised due to events that occurred and information that became available after the second quarter of 2009 concerning primarily the number of claims received. The deadline for submitting new claims has now passed. The claim resolution process has an annual net cost limitation to the Company of $2.0 million until the claim resolution process is completed.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">At December 31, 2013, the Company had a total remaining balance in accrued expenses of $0.1 million associated with the settlement of the class action lawsuit. At December 31, 2014, all remaining claims associated with the accrual have been paid.</font> </div><br/> 1000000 1000000 2900000 5100000 2000000 100000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note&#160;13: 401(k) Plan</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company sponsors the A.E.R.T. 401(k) Plan (the Plan) for the benefit of all eligible employees. The Plan provides that the Company may elect to make discretionary-matching contributions equal to a percentage of each participant&#8217;s voluntary contribution. The Company may also elect to make a profit sharing contribution to the Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a discretionary match of 25% of the first 4% of salary voluntarily contributed, which was $43 thousand.</font> </div><br/> 0.25 0.04 43000 <div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">Note 14:&#160;&#160;Subsequent Events</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital, LLC</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In 2007,<font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-WEIGHT: bold">&#160;</font>AERT entered into an operating lease with the LaSalle National Leasing Company (presently Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital, LLC).&#160;&#160;The equipment leased is identified as &#8220;Schedule 1 Equipment&#8221; and &#8220;Schedule 2 Equipment&#8221;.&#160;&#160;The operating lease contained a provision for a fair market value buy out at the end of the lease. The lease for the &#8220;Schedule 1 Equipment&#8221; terminated on December 31, 2014.&#160;&#160;On January 22, 2015, AERT entered into a new financing agreement with Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital, LLC (BOA).&#160;&#160;This agreement will finance the equipment buy out for the Schedule 1 Equipment.&#160;&#160;The terms of the new financing agreement are 18 monthly payments of $39 thousand.&#160;&#160;Payments began on February 1, 2015 and will continue until July 1, 2016.&#160;&#160;At the end of the agreement, AERT will own all of the equipment identified as Schedule 1 Equipment.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company remains obligated to a remaining portion of the operating lease with BOA for equipment identified as Schedule 2 Equipment.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s obligation for this lease will expire on March 31, 2015, at which time a new financing agreement with BOA will be negotiated.</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 0pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="FONT-STYLE: italic; DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">VFI Corporate Finance</font> </div><br/><div style="TEXT-INDENT: 18pt; DISPLAY: block; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt" align="left"> <font style="DISPLAY: inline; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">On January 19, 2015, the Company accepted a 36-month capital lease proposal with VFI Corporate Finance (VFI) for the purchase of material handling equipment.&#160;&#160;The terms of the lease include 36 equal payments of $19 thousand.&#160;&#160;The lease is expected to be consummated and delivery of the equipment accepted by the end of the first quarter of 2015.&#160;&#160;At the end of the lease, there will be a $1.00 (one dollar) buy out for the equipment.</font> </div><br/> P18M 39000 36 19000 1.00 EX-101.SCH 10 aert-20141231.xsd XBRL SCHEMA FILE 001 - Statement - Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 002 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parentheticals) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 003 - Statement - Statements of Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 004 - Statement - Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 005 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 006 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Description of the Company link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 007 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 008 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Related Party Transactions link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 009 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Line of Credit link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 010 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 011 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Equity link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 012 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 013 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 014 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 015 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 016 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Business Interruption link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 017 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 018 - Disclosure - Note 13 - 401(k) Plan link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 019 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Subsequent Events link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 020 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies, by Policy (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 021 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 022 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 023 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 024 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 025 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 026 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 027 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 028 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 029 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Components of Inventory link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 030 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 031 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Estimated Amortization link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 032 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 033 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 034 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Antidilutive Securities link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 035 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 036 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 037 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 038 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 039 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt (Parentheticals) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 040 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 041 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Equity (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 042 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Details) - Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 043 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 044 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 045 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Details) - Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 046 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 047 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Income Tax Reconciliation link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 048 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 049 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 050 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 051 - Disclosure - Note 13 - 401(k) Plan (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 052 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000 - Disclosure - Document And Entity Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink EX-101.CAL 11 aert-20141231_cal.xml XBRL CALCULATION FILE EX-101.DEF 12 aert-20141231_def.xml XBRL DEFINITION FILE EX-101.LAB 13 aert-20141231_lab.xml XBRL LABEL FILE Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of $48 at December 31, 2014 and $44 at December 31, 2013 Trade accounts receivable, allowance (in Dollars) Accounts receivable - related party Inventories Prepaid expenses Total current assets Land Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total land, buildings and equipment Less accumulated depreciation Net land, buildings and equipment Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $1,004 at December 31, 2014 and $634 at December 31, 2013 Debt issuance costs, accumulated amortization (in Dollars) Other assets Total other assets Total assets Accounts payable – trade Accounts payable – related parties Current maturities of long-term debt Less Current Maturities Accruals related to expected settlement of class action lawsuit Other accrued liabilities Working capital line of credit Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Class of Stock [Axis] Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Series E cumulative convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 30,000 shares authorized, 20,524 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, including accrued unpaid dividends of $5,196 and $3,709 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively Series E convertible preferred stock, par value (in Dollars per share) Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share) Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Series E convertible preferred stock, shares authorized Series E convertible preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Preferred Stock, Shares Issued (in Shares) Series E convertible preferred stock, shares outstanding Series E cumulative convertible preferred stock, accrued unpaid dividends (in Dollars) Common Class A [Member] Class of stock, common stock, value Class of stock, common stock, par value (in Dollars per share) Class of stock, common stock, shares authorized Class of stock, common stock, shares issued Class of stock, common stock, shares outstanding Convertible Common Stock [Member] Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Balance - December 31, 2012 Balance Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit Income Statement [Abstract] Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross margin Selling and administrative costs Gain from asset disposition Gain from fixed asset disposition Operating income Income from insurance proceeds Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery Other income Net interest expense Net income (loss) Dividends on preferred stock Net loss applicable to common stock Net loss applicable to common stock Loss per share of common stock (basic and diluted) (in Dollars per share) Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) (in Shares) Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Balance - December 31, 2012 (in Shares) Balance (in Shares) Exchange Class B Common for Class A Exchange Class B Common for Class A (in Shares) Equity Components [Axis] Common Stock [Member] Common Class B [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Net loss applicable to common stock Net loss applicable to common stock (in Dollars) Depreciation and amortization Dividends on preferred stock Preferred stock dividend (in Dollars) Accrued interest converted to long-term debt Debt Conversion, Converted Instrument, Amount Change in accounts receivable allowance Gain on involuntary disposition of non-monetary assets due to fire Decrease in other assets Changes in other current assets and current liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Purchases of land, buildings and equipment Proceeds from disposition of equipment Insurance proceeds from involuntary disposition of property Net cash used in investing activities Proceeds from the issuance of notes Proceeds from Issuance of Debt Payments on notes Net borrowing (payments) on line of credit Debt issuance costs Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Decrease in cash Disclosure Text Block [Abstract] Accounting Policies [Abstract] Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail [Abstract] Receivables - trade and related party Inventories Prepaid expenses Accounts payable - trade and related parties Accrued liabilities Cash paid for interest Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities [Abstract] Notes payable for financing insurance policies Components of Inventory [Abstract] Parts and supplies Raw materials Work in progress Finished goods Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Abstract] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis] Debt Issuance Costs [Member] Debt issuance costs Debt issuance costs Estimated Amortization [Abstract] Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts [Abstract] Balance at Beginning of Year Balance at End of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Deductions Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Net income (loss) before dividends (in Dollars) Distributed earnings per share Preferred Stock [Member] Preferred Earned, unpaid dividends per share Undistributed losses per share Weighted average number of shares (in Shares) Participating Preferred Shares [Member] Antidilutive Securities [Abstract] Antidilutive Securities [Axis] Series E preferred stock Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Line Of Credit [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Long-term Debt, Unclassified [Abstract] Debt Instrument [Axis] Oklahoma Department of Commerce [Member] Note Payable Note Payable Oklahoma Department of Commerce Interest Rate [Member] Interest Rate Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage HIG Series A Note [Member] HIG Series B Note [Member] AloStar Bank [Member] Notes Payable AloStar Bank Instrest Rate [Member] Other Total Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt [Abstract] 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Thereafter Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract] Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options [Abstract] Outstanding, beginning of year Outstanding, beginning of year Forfeited Forfeited Disclosure Text Block Supplement [Abstract] Leases [Abstract] Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases [Abstract] 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Total minimum payments required Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Tax Reconciliation [Abstract] Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate (in Dollars) Permanent differences (in Dollars) Change in valuation allowance (in Dollars) Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract] Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued expenses Valuation allowance Other Total deferred tax assets Depreciation Prepaid expenses Other Total deferred tax liabilities Scenario [Axis] Current Deferred Taxes [Member] Long Term Deferred Taxes [Member] Extraordinary and Unusual Items [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Subsequent Events [Abstract] Assets Current assets: Land, buildings and equipment: Other assets: Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current liabilities: Stockholders' deficit: Other income and expenses: Cash flows from operating activities: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Cash flows from investing activities: Cash flows from financing activities: Business Description and Basis of Presentation [Text Block] Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Cash Flow, Operating Capital [Table Text Block] Schedule of Cash Flow, Supplemental Disclosures [Table Text Block] Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block] Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block] Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block] 2015 2016 2017 Allowance for Credit Losses on Financing Receivables [Table Text Block] Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block] Per share information: Basic earnings per common and participating share: Distributed earnings per share: Earned, unpaid dividends per share: Undistributed losses per share: Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share: Basic weighted average common shares: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block] Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block] Line Of Credit [Text Block] Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block] Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Text Block] Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block] Shareholders' Equity and Share-based Payments [Text Block] Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block] Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block] Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent Permanent differences Change in valuation allowance Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Deferred tax assets — Deferred tax liability — Unusual or Infrequent Items Disclosure [Text Block] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block] Subsequent Events [Text Block] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis] Building [Member] Range [Axis] Minimum [Member] Maximum [Member] Leasehold Improvements [Member] Machinery and Equipment [Member] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis] Sales Revenue, Net [Member] Concentration Risk Type [Axis] Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Customer [Axis] One Customer [Member] Second Customer [Member] Accounts Receivable [Member] BlueLinx [Member] Related Party Transaction [Axis] Monitoring Fees [Member] Related Party [Axis] H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] Board of Directors Fees [Member] Green Country Recycling [Member] Credit Facility [Axis] Revolving Credit Facility [Member] Lender Name [Axis] AloStar Bank of Commerce [Member] Variable Rate [Axis] Prime Rate [Member] Cash Interest Rate [Member] Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Base Rate [Member] Promissory Note Dated July 1, 2009 [Member] Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds [Member] City of Springdale Arkansas Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds [Member] Secured Promissory Note Issued December 20, 2010[Member] Counterparty Name [Axis] Series A Term Note [Member] Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Option 1, Cash Interest [Member] Option 2, Cash Interest [Member] Option 2, Payable in Kind [Member] Option 2, Cash Interest After 24 Months [Member] Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis] Amount Recognized Per Year [Member] Income Tax Authority [Axis] Domestic Tax Authority [Member] Income Tax Authority, Name [Axis] Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member] State and Local Jurisdiction [Member] California, Colorado and Texas [Member] Income Statement Location [Axis] Other Income [Member] BOA Financing Agreement [Member] Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Subsequent Event [Member] VFI Corporate Finance Material Handling Equipment [Member] Sales Discounts, Returns and Allowances, Goods Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life Depreciation Interest Costs Capitalized Product Warranty Accrual Preferred Stock, Dividend Rate, Percentage Concentration Risk, Percentage Cash, FDIC Insured Amount Advertising Expense Research and Development Expense Related Party Transaction, Amounts of Transaction Accounts Payable, Related Parties Accounts Receivable, Related Parties Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity (in Dollars) Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity Revolver Loan Reserve (in Dollars) Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Rate Range, Minimum Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate Debt Instrument, Secured By Accounts Reveivable, Percentage DebtInstrument Covenant Terms Secured by Eligible Inventory Percentage Debt Instrument, Secured By Net Orderly Liquidation of Inventory, Percentage Long-term Line of Credit (in Dollars) Long-term Line of Credit Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity (in Dollars) Paid in Kind Interest Rate Debt Instrument, Term Debt Instrument, Face Amount Proceeds from Lines of Credit Contract Labor Materials and Equipment Expense In Kind Expenses Repayments of Debt Number of Installments Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment Terms, Balloon Payment to be Paid Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount Senior Notes Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage Debt Instrument Covenant Terms Mandatory Payment of Excess Cash Flow Percentage Debt Instrument Covenant Terms Mandatory Payment of Certain Proceeds Percentage Preferred Stock, Redemption Price Per Share (in Dollars per share) Minimum Amount of Shares Needed to Retain Series E Preferred Stock Rights Leverage Ratio Redemption Right Trigger Maximum Capital Expenditure (in Dollars) Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized (in Shares) Sale of Stock, Percentage of Ownership before Transaction Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Purchase Price of Common Stock, Percent Deferred Stock Units Percentage Vested Stock Issued During Period, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures (in Dollars) Operating Leases, Rent Expense Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration Unrecognized Tax Benefits Open Tax Year Purchase Commitment, Annual Amount Purchased Loss Contingency, Estimate of Possible Loss Loss Contingency, Range of Possible Loss, Maximum Loss Contingency Accrual Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Match Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Employees' Gross Pay Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount (in Dollars) Number of Monthly Capital Lease Payments Capital Leases, Monthly Payment Bargain Purchase Price Amount Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block] Revenue Recognition, Sales Returns [Policy Text Block] Shipping and Handling Cost, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cost of Sales, Policy [Policy Text Block] Statement of Cash Flows [Policy Text Block] Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block] Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block] Debt, Policy [Policy Text Block] Receivables, Policy [Policy Text Block] Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] Major Customers, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block] Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] Advertising Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block] Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block] New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Class of Stock [Domain] Equity Component [Domain] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain] Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Table] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain] Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table] Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Scenario, Unspecified [Domain] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain] Customer [Domain] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain] Range [Domain] Concentration Risk Type [Domain] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Table] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Related Party [Domain] Related Party Transaction [Domain] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Table] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Credit Facility [Domain] Variable Rate [Domain] Line of Credit Facility, Lender [Domain] Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) [Table] Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) [Line Items] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Counterparty Name [Domain] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Table] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Note 6 - Equity (Details) [Table] Note 6 - Equity (Details) [Line Items] Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) [Table] Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) [Line Items] Income Tax Authority [Domain] Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain] Income Tax Authority, Name [Domain] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Table] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Line Items] Income Statement Location [Domain] Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) [Table] Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) [Line Items] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) [Table] Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) [Line Items] Represents the amount for the bargain purchase price. Represents the monthly capital lease payments. Represents contract labor, contract materials, and equipment. Mandatory payment per the credit agreement of 100% of proceeds from most non-ordinary course asset dispositions, additional debt issuances or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees) Mandatory payment per the credit agreement of 50% of the Company's "Excess Cash Flow". Represents the percentage of eligible inventory that secure a revolving credit facility. Represents the percentage of accounts receivable to secure a loan. Represents the percentage of net orderly liquidation of inventory to secure a loan. Represents the deferred stock units percentage vested. Represents the deferred tax liabilities depreciation. Represents the gain on involuntary disposition of assets due to fire. Represents the in kind expense. Represents the leverage ratio achieved. The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds. Represents the minimum amount of outstanding shares series E holders need to maintain their special voting rights. Represents the number of monthly capital lease payments. Represents the paid in kind interest rate. Represents the amount purchased from a purchase commitment on an annual basis. The maximum capital expenditure which would trigger redemption right. Represents the number of installments for repayment of a loan. The amount of reserve in a revolver loan. The significant accounting policy concerning the statement of cash flows. Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds [Member] Represents the Adair County Industrial Authority solid waste recovery facilities revenue bonds. Alo Star Bank [Member] Represents the AloStar Bank. Alo Star Bank Of Commerce [Member] Represents AloStar Bank of Commerce. Amount Recognized Per Year [Member] The amount of deferred taxes recognized per year. BOA Financing Agreement [Member] Represents the Bank of America financing agreement. Blue Linx [Member] The major customer BlueLinx. Board Of Directors Fees [Member] Represents the board of director's fees. California Colorado And Texas [Member] Represents California, Colorado and Texas tax authorities. Cash Interest Rate [Member] Represents the cash interest rate. City Of Springdale Arkansas Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds [Member] Represents the City of Springdale Arkansas industrial development refunding revenue bonds. Current Deferred Taxes [Member] Represents the current deferred taxes. Customer [Member] Information pertaining to customer of an entity. Debt Issuance Costs [Member] Represents the debt issuance costs. Green Country Recycling [Member] Name of related party. HIG Capital LLC [Member] Represents H.I.G. Capital L.L.C. HIG Series A Note [Member] Represents the HIG Series A Note. HIG Series B Note [Member] Represents the HIG series B Notes. Long Term Deferred Taxes [Member] Represents the long term deferred taxes. Monitoring Fees [Member] Represents the monitoring fees. Note Payable Oklahoma Department Of Commerce Interest Rate [Member] Represents notes payable to the Oklahoma Department of commerce, interest rate. Notes Payable Alo Star Bank Instrest Rate [Member] Represents notes payable to AloStar Bank, interest rate. Oklahoma Department Of Commerce [Member] Represents the Oklahoma Department of Commerce. One Customer [Member] Represents one customer. Option 1 Cash Interest [Member] Represents the first option, concerning the cash interest. Option 2 Cash Interest After 24 Months [Member] Represents the second option, for the interest rate after 24 months. Option 2 Cash Interest [Member] Represents the second option, concerning the cash interest. Option 2 Payable In Kind [Member] Represents the second option, payable in kind. Participating Preferred Shares [Member] Preferred stock which are participating. Promissory Note Dated July 12009 [Member] Represents the promissory note dated July 1, 2009. Second Customer [Member] Represents the second customer. Secured Promissory Note Issued December 202010 [Member] Represents the secured promissory note issued Deccember 20, 2010. Series A Term Note [Member] Type of note. Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Type of note. Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Type of convertible stock. VFI Corporate Finance Material Handling Equipment [Member] Information related to the capital lease proposal with VFI Corporate Finance (VFI) for the purchase of material handling equipment. Document and Entity Information [Abstract] GainOnInvoluntaryDispositionOfNonmonetaryAssetsDueToFire Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) Assets, Current Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Five Years Preferred Stock Dividends and Other Adjustments Shares, Outstanding Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment Liabilities, Current Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Two Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Three Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Balance Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Proceeds from Insurance Settlement, Investing Activities Repayments of Notes Payable Unamortized Debt Issuance Expense Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years Assets [Standard Label] Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment Deferred Tax Assets, Gross Entity Registrant Name Deferred Tax Assets, Other Entity Voluntary Filers Operating Income (Loss) Entity Filer Category Entity Public Float Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Gross Profit Document Fiscal Period Focus Current Fiscal Year End Date Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deductions Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Four Years Increase (Decrease) in Inventories Accounts Receivable, Net, Current Amendment Flag Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price Document Period End Date Other Assets Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years Depreciation [Standard Label] Deferred Tax Liabilities, Prepaid Expenses Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance Entity Central Index Key Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Next Twelve Months Entity Current Reporting Status Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Present Value of Net Minimum Payments Document Fiscal Year Focus Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest Payments for (Proceeds from) Loans and Leases Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other Amendment Description Document Type Payment of Financing and Stock Issuance Costs Statement [Table] Statement [Line Items] EX-101.PRE 14 aert-20141231_pre.xml XBRL PRESENTATION FILE XML 15 R39.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Debt Instrument [Line Items] Other $ 170 us-gaap_OtherNotesPayable $ 58 us-gaap_OtherNotesPayable Total 37,710 us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount 36,181 us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount Less Current Maturities (5,240) us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent (1,209) us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Long-term debt, less current maturities 32,470 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent 34,972 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Oklahoma Department of Commerce [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Note Payable 2,552 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember 2,722 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember HIG Series A Note [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Note Payable 13,497 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember 12,469 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember HIG Series B Note [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Note Payable 16,574 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember 15,015 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember AloStar Bank [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Note Payable $ 4,917 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankMember $ 5,917 us-gaap_NotesPayable / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankMember X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt, including current maturities and short-term debt. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt, after unamortized discount or premium, scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount of long-term debt, net of unamortized discount or premium, excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer (current maturities). Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 13, 16 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, the carrying value of notes payable which were initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer, and which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_AloStarBankMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 16 R48.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Income Tax Reconciliation (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Income Tax Reconciliation [Abstract] Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate (in Dollars) $ 140 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate $ (21) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate 34.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate 34.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Permanent differences (in Dollars) 11 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense 58 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Permanent differences (93.00%) us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense (93.00%) us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Change in valuation allowance (in Dollars) $ (151) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductions $ (37) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductions Change in valuation allowance 59.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance 59.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance 0.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations 0.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations X - Details Name: aert_IncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including, but not limited to, extraterritorial income exclusion deduction, qualified production activity deduction, dividend deduction, deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan, Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction, and other deductions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration EXCEL 17 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!TOIVN*0(``-P@```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#,VM]NVC`4!O#[27N'R+<3
M,?Y#VTV$7G3;Y59IW0-XR8%$)'9DNQV\_9S0HJFB(#2D?3=$$/NFW)M5L3E='K%2V )?'4!I;=[18.O0IF^KYM2A-34OYDJU==)L\=\K1S
M7!/JI@\?4@SW88[KS=X'G?]W0TOJDHNS)$#
M*=URV914N?*Q2R>0A]Z3J4)-%+LV'Z]Y9QK[DOM(_W%QX.-%7#C(\/W&PF?F
MD"`Y%$@.#9)C!I+C"B3'-4B.&Y`ZEP;
M3]6/Z-.4^^(!_JY](D=IVO*N3N/>"Q_"ONZQ_FD&?>]='](TWM/Y`5[&[3 %:BH.M";C\\F+/X```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0"U53`C]0```$P"```+``@"7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0"**``
M`@``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````C)+/3L,P#,;O2+Q#Y/OJ;D@(H:6[3$B[(50>
MP"3N'[6-HR1`]_:$`X)*8]O1]N?//UO>[N9I5!\<8B].P[HH0;$S8GO7:GBM
MGU8/H&(B9VD4QQJ.'&%7W=YL7WBDE)MBU_NHLHN+&KJ4_"-B-!U/%`OQ['*E
MD3!1RF%HT9,9J&7 4"T\U$SO+=N5#9@NIS]NHFD++28,5\YS3$ $X4UD^&'!Q0]47P```/__`P!02P,$%``&
M``@````A`+ZZ#');`@``/R```!H`"`%X;"]? DQ Z8+
M 98B5:E,ZOB_+6+?AX.-J/(8AW]F-
MT\&G?#GMRZ.OG_T^E+)>;\KI>@ZU?3%G\=A4:GILM%'%T^F8'_WZY.-NU]7A
MXUA_.X0A_>49Y8]Q>HYM""E/ZJ=]2)6:AV)YOJ/-*FM6Y3_DY'IPY=PB.;(A
MRY$-DF/NR'+,'9(CFBQ'-))C+%F.L4B.%;(R7`]\-V[C0MYJ-8`T1+&P$"T2P9B-80P0+&\$"$6S8
M3C;0RH:]R@U A_XD4>L0D1T[L8C-G%@;71;`AJ
M"$$V="!SV*6!E='LTFA8&V'S6""/A R:X-+@T[(CL8D=DVAB[6;"!K"&3-
M!K*&0!8V`042T-"M`[UCV*O _W*@PJ;NQ=
M*:TH9V$.H=Z(W@]-N[YN905/S](H#4>779%/35"*!6\K^PSE[=7!KR1+DK'[
MI[/BNQ0; RM@E
MCE6N><55(=C K(25!:]Z*E!?-[GW%T\^M]R"M\H:
MIA?LG[5H=EU%:>`LLN,L^N/G5A>O*UV5``*[%0NDDH]1&OG',C? /2E0-VL!M=KW$:$Y3&Y#@-+Y.PN5PJ" @66JN6#,O``NU,G9(R*?OFEH@H76L`C.>&*\,+*[',&9(Y(V4R]BB5]CBG!$X"8QA
M3',8)P[>6MK=\H33`&)'(M;!',8TB''*LBA^]?[AH9B]F(8OSMB\?3'B9PL]
M8'=O;I]`$A,,(.RT1QL;6CI/NI*%%(:];)G_OL6K:8)13&@4!U (4&&/R- Q.AH4@H&P>$KK""8%HUZZ,9GA_*2#<
MS?#^"P&5!KEU.HM1&AD&%P)*9^B&@`^6#',+`:6SOR)0Y6!X,QK>X^'LOK5M
M(]@75,ZT9PO-[M&5@\H&HYO1Z`ZHL`>438;AA8`R94CG%NE,>TVBX8T'KD*X
M23EF%P(RGZ&[$%X$.887`E((788(CW/)2Y*60-SGV!@+0&?G=%-X@
MX?VL@%=;]^'?#;-\O+OSC/9O]Y?_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$` P-P2HB2C@5;OCK0CK59[>2;@)*@!(TPZW7^_99M38RK/M[.-CA4!7TB17GAK8#DO2TS@?0ST]5QZ]L37$/
M79/W+^=N4;"F`XI]55?#NR2UK:98?SNVK,_W->3]1L*\N'++BQOZIBIZQMEA
MKI86M_)>N,+&UWMY$&_5O1"Y]]MOB)77[K
MJ_*/JJ7@-M1)5/V(N`?BO%5W"S>W/WLZS`G[U5TD-^KH>_V.5W6AU/`Y0[
M@HQ$8NOR_8GR`AP%&L>/!%/!:A``?ZVF$JT!CN1O\O^E*H?3U@YB)UIZ`0&X
MM:=\>*X$I6T59SZPYC\$$46%)+XB"4"]BON.OXI(%'_.XJ(BF>!3/N2[3;ZLU0A1T'R5;!(+LB"0WU>=\MDX[Z"I86"I`B!
M)V*$$!V171&B$J!NE`B)FQ(#*.&/S;\J$C?IBN*E?EYZ"_%U1/8#Q&J$:!K!
MNKG&C[4)\-8&\M&*E3?22D-3A,1H990DAIO9/!ZOEC.W-5GA([($V)!EE"A%
M2"1EQ=XJB779V3P>Q *]-AL:'W>[`!N*ID2QVQ&"1@6^-SUC,IQA&`7[R^DQUC0ECV@28!C"\R=P
M:E74A)!0CF`QX[+9%]K!!&;1_6Y(M&''E!$>K3"8W#L$!K(F:6E*9A1AT8Q&0
MR&CW3)$H@)_X/_-+S-3[I>$$GDM+)F(E#3'H5TB,89J1>7@13]-#=^RA&4YN
MAWABG)LJC#*$A"NC_S(3X$T,NK2'YKA8F(Q!D!@]E"H,OO<6Q)N]0*2EF0$(
M9S-5EV;, RZ!!P8
MO\4]/!5[N-RDQP"LP5U^I-_S_EBUW*KI`6[UG"4DVN,BC1&ULE%5=;]HP
M%'V?M/]@^9TX`0(4$:I"UZU2)TW3/IZ-XQ"+.(YL4]I_OVL;4!*Z?KPDL7WN
MN>>>:SN+ZR=9H4>NC5!UAI,HQHC73.6BWF;X]Z^[P0PC8VF=TTK5/,//W.#K
MY>=/BX/2.U-R;A$PU";#I;7-G!##2BZIB53#:U@IE);4PE!OB6DTI[D/DA49
MQO&$2"IJ'!CF^CT *[26O;2#1O*(6])M2-.;$)ME[Z"35NWTS8$HV
M0+$1E;#/GA0CR>;WVUIINJF@[J=D3-F)VP\NZ*5@6AE5V`CH2!!Z6?,5N2+`
MM%SD`BIPMB/-BPS?)//U%)/EPOOS1_"#:7TC4ZK#5RWR!U%S,!O:Y!JP46KG
MH/>YFX)@ J8
MF*I``#R1%&YG@"'TR;\/(K=EAD>3*)W&HP3@:,.-O1..$B.V-U;)OP&4'*D"
MR?!(,@+UQ_5A-)RE23IYFX4$1;[`6VKI W,H\FY,F_A*F!:F5L3G 1@1M
MX?8*A[NA6_Z=ZJVH#:IX`2?UO(?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`O444+]T"``#>!P``
M&0```'AL+W=O ':,`:N`D>TT[;_?M9U00IJNV4L(W'//N>=> /S6U
M]\BDXJ+-?!R$OL=:*G+>EIG_Z^?=U N(?)AVUU1T71`L>$UU\^6
MU/ G!C151\P9Q`M@-L[BL\[`DLFY,4DV
M%=`*QO&X2N-DB1ZAA72/63L,O`$])NH1",3["D!U7,$$)O1Z;P\5F*3C"J)I
M3V^+7#O(S`YVJ#?Y'SV3!%,;N$GC="3H,/&)8'PL^+8Q`\[\R#8U"O&XJRZ<
MVG`2Q6%?PE%+88##EKZM:,`#Q;$K%XZM(I[/7Q=,+Q$TX('@>&XNG%C!21BE
M9SQ.+Y$TX('DK'?ACHH+'SR>.:=FF0_>E+>;:L`#P9>V.4$7/@B^=.!HBO-+
M!`W8"`Y>M_GX\#B,ZRQ.HS,^89%>8-2BC;#9>F8YK/=/W!F=3*=X/$"W9MT6
M:I@LV2=6U\JC8FM6*(;!]T_=>E_#>K34K(#4,IG!:
MI=O/[D:+SJZ)C="P5^W?"KZC#`H-`P`70NC#C?D"]%_FU5\```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0";F()X:`,``%8+```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T A= 4V7[@L5[NWJXX?%@;>/HJ!4.N!0BZ5;2-G,?5^D!:V(\'A#
M:WB2\[8B$F[;G2^:EI),!U6E/PJ"Q*\(JUUTF+?7>/`\9RF]Y^F^HK5$DY:6
M1`*_*%@CCFY5>HU=1=K'?7.3\JH!BRTKF7S1IJY3I?.ONYJW9%O"O)_#B*1'
M;WTSL*]8VG+!Q?.-V'D^JN%3M`?
M1@_"^.V(@A\^MRS[QFH*V88ZJ0IL.7]4TJ^9&H)@?Q#]H"OPHW4RFI-]*7_R
MPQ?*=H6$ ?9R3T4*&04;;Q0KIY27``#_G8JII0$9( F"9+);N
M./'B23`.0>YLJ9`/3%FZ3KH7DE=_411V5F@RZDS@VIF$B1>-XLGT+2[CS@6N
M1Y?X:A $ ^46(?`E`44\VF5
M1).%_P0%2#O->J@);<5FJ(B3L\8'L!,=9,RD4]4;PQJX3*F"^I13FV$]U(QL
MQ6:H2*+926-10MY,RLMT2@RS".(AZ!*B93G61`R]([.Q#3X>\B3OX5%!-D\2GQ 2XO%27N H]_84*H1OAT*
MVZH[-]*XF#(>>P?*-!TQ&F^V8"["&\D;_?'<]_X($XYUP>;U1;.9V(5_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#I8M3RF@(`
M`+`&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T 0`,Q^?< %GR0;,HSCC$@J
M6AP8YOH2#E66@O$;Q3:2MS:0:-Y0"_6;6G1FSR;9)722ZH=--V!*=D"Q%HVP
MSYX4(\GF=U6K-%TWX/LI&5.VY_:#$WHIF%9&E38".A(*/?4\(S,"3,M%(95$ZB4
M' 08NAVF&UB>QV669@OR")FR'>8Z8.#<8Y(>0:":OB0HX["DUT/>*SNP
M4W:ANU*NPX-#F>'T=9W1L^GD]-PDB.G"1I9.>/Y00,&/?4H?&QL>"YX4<
M.,?@IH]KE+X$%H0")O6!C](8CKZ2HT2AR2Y/U('?$PZ8F1=.HN0E@"/9[".R
M#OR_[+BW$_P&3/`[.&=X\A%E!WY/.6#>-!QVCO!A2:XK_H4WC4%,;=RND$!.
M_=-^PUH-?8/T+V##Z&C%[ZFN1&M0PTN8&D<3R%J'+2Y$)65,-2;HAJ)*.9#:I*,O+]
MF%24U]@QS.4U'"+/> 8EUZ^6%*,JG3]N:B'INH2Z7X*0I@=NNQC05SR50HE<>T!'G-!AS3,R(\"T
M7&0C`8[0%WO=\TP7"1['7C3QQP'`T9HI_2=`LCZ<04FJ*0H>);$M"
MWWTZR)GK,'=]T$]24 /CL_3Q,/UE!TQ0/_VQI2Z]P[3I
M`R]H36@O_U`S&:JYO`E,4%_-N#/;J7&8@YKNX9D5YI`XV8'O[SP#[B)6VC1V%?:6F@X`^QM`6N[P$X%T(?%N:TZOY%+/\"``#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0#4B.H@[@,``-(-```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ,UB9),"U6W29LT37OY3."2H`*'N$O3
M_OOYSA3N2-N4+TFPG[,?VV?CK#X]5J7U0%M>L'IMDYEK6[3.6%[4A[7]Y_?=
MS=RVN$CK/"U93=?V$^7VI\W'#ZLS:^_YD5)A@86:K^VC$,W2<7AVI%7*9ZRA
M-6CVK*U2`8_MP>%-2]-]/S4W&J@9,[(JR$$_*J&U5V?+;H69MNBLA[D<2
MI-FS;?5P8;XJLI9QMA N?;;XD=V_M(6^?>BII!MJ).LP(ZQ>PG]EDL1''8N3M^I"OQLK9SN
MTU,I?K'S5UH 089!3,S+Y26,E8"`?BTJD)># G%O7L6Q1 $KU8`K^_YD2+!)B;C$=+I%3*@H^7%,QJ0,?43FPWDC5=$4
M7A)L\O+FXR(A!GG=A%XPYF7HB> Y0#4+L45[S@NWYYT!$&Z=TUB>I=#\/W><62"L7[:1?Y%51"$52$^
M=(-Y61-B`+P@>J6)R:1!K-#C&S-8[NJ"PU;/C"8Q,S-IYLK5Y&JO="#=.QY3
M$M/[I,E*+D?K"W719R>)PGCTFDHZ*UWA0I30)&;LDP8H+,B7LWO4#ML.A.M!L"`C
MO=RRI1'4A[H>F>$*C1MF1=L#36A9 >_"*[Z6XNF_)$M8P6)E'\@16
M>B5W>@5LU$UZH#_2]E#4W"KI'DRZLQBN;8L[.3X(UJB];\,B>&ULG-W;4AO)FH;A\XF8
M>R`X;]"V$`[;*UK*? 5,E%E_J\L0?F@-X__
M+-!'9=4G8:/W__CKX?[LS_73]F[S^.%\?#$Z/UL_WFX^WSU^_7#^KW^:WQ;G
M9]OGF\?/-_>;Q_6'\[_7V_-_?/S/_WC_ OU\UA[A ;[^K']G2^;IX>;Y_9_G[Y>;K\_K6\^[Q8]W%].1J/F\N'F
M[O$\'>'=TVN.L?GRY>YVK3:W/Q[6C\_I($_K^YOG]O/??KO[OGTYVL/M:P[W
M/TQX_OO]UN'KZWA_AT=W_W_/?NH.=G#[?O_-?'S=/-I_OV\UGMW [C)]HGS,UY?7E^V1/K[_?-OI^>7'][N`_N]N_7-;_/?9]MOFIWVZ^_Q?=X_K-NWVZ]1]!3YM-G]TH_YS
M1^WB2ZPVNZ_`_SR=?5Y_N?EQ__R_FY]N???UVW/[Y9ZWCZA[8.\^_ZW6V]LV
MT?8P%Y-Y=Z3;S7W[";3_/'NXZTZ--I&;OW;__GGW^?G;A_-I #C.<7L\G\:O&6HTSS4=J/
M^W*4R<5D,1_/FS=\+DT^2OOOEZ,T;_] G0OK*=.=$3GW\]D Z;?YIEEFFG_V.("?4RT9WZW8?6$DR"]I_]QUDLZH]C
M7Q85,_)S<2\S+Q_)2P@28H+=9KIL`]ZGW'Y]JI0/[^:7,+OI+LR7#[Q,BPC2
M3!&!!"5!2S`)FMU&F(YVO^J/8N42)\%+"!)B`54F[9ULP.G1K9+9B`V\3#-%
M-A*4!)U@_NLHC%QB)3@)7D*0$`NHLFGOSU4VQ\^7;EIF(N\7::;(1(*2H!.D
M3*[;YMK^JD\/(Y=8"4Z"EQ`DQ`*J3-K6467RNLM)MTIF(Z[5RS139),@;8PQ
M'K:2\UJ"D6`E.`E>0I`0"ZB"Z9ZMR-9Q^CK;K9+!B!O4,LT4P21(I\1OD[:5
M,)QZ9-IT)TY]VFAY6"/!2G`2O(0@(190Q=46SBJNXWNKFZYC:N3C6::9E$IW
MNN`1K^J)R34F5)KHH]82C`0KP4GP$H*$6$`54E>PJY2ZW39K+U?'T]HMDW&)
MFK',0_UC7659+';7W]&%N-DIK-`0`[$0!_&0`(FEU"%U#57NO%>$E(IM>7]O
M1J)G+;NG#^V)5X:4)( *1-*JWI1F-$0`[$0!_&0`(FEU*ET/7%`*JE>MO\LBJ'LQN.B@^[:\@JB
M(!IB(!;B(!X2(+&4.I:N*I:QG+C8I&99G22C_KE(>JHP+NIGCB-)NEQ/1O.)
M2%#E);\ 79,E^(!KPID=C;#DL\)$!B*75*78, *P(D
MEE*'U.Z*`5MJTBV3S[WD2V-YJ#QWTK)>%&8TQ$`LQ$$\)$!B*74L7;%]^Y5F
MDOKP\=M4'NI#6$$41$,,Q$( A3#DL\)$!B*75*P]IR]ZU5["GYTFH>ZC-9011$0PS$0AS$0P(D
MEE+',JP13U*U/;&G9/]=Y65]4`JB(09B(0[B(0$22ZECZ1KI@$M-*K)EJ3FP
MIV3;74VD*(B&&(B%N"R_W&4>2P(DEE*G-*P@3UB0&]E2EWFH/U56$`71$`.Q
M$`?QD`")I=2Q#&O$DU1M3^PIV7]7>5D?E()HB(%8B(-X2(#$4JI8NI8W8$_M
MEM6MAGLJ#_4AK"`*HB$&8K/\"P)D%A*G=*AAGSZVS13-N1F
M+%_(R4-E2K(S*\QHB(%8B(-X2(#$4NI8AE7B::K$[5?^R# [S[Y:$^A!5$033$0&R6?@?)E_VPQ$,"))92
MIS2L(4_9D)NQ>/%DF8?*E-"0,:,A!F(A#N(A`1)+J6,95HFGJ1*?V%-IJ(Q%
MBLH'ZF ">&U!Y8$R)7D0@QD+
M<1`/"9!82I723#;DX]_^W(W7=_%F+/\801[J'^HJRZ_3P1(-,1`+<1`/"9!8
M2IW.L&8\.]",Q_*;Q'FH3`G-,:8B`6XB`>$B"QE#J6KJN^_:6*6:JXQZ\X
M>:B,)2WK16%&0PS$0AS$0P(DEE+'TC73`;%TR^H]Q6>;LS34A[#* :`/5$,,Q$( Z6B9OX
ME7PQ-`_U(:RRY"TUNYA=5[\6^C>YR7`,#3$0"W$0#PF06$H=FVS*Q^_J\T,-
M67Z/,P^5 BMF0\U`92UJ6-]?\8GY@-Z61?I'&80S$0AS$0P(D
MEE+G)#OR*R]"A[JR>%%N.4=7WDOWMWZGXA:G]K_[\I=9-<1`+,1!/"1`8BEU
M1+(HG[C@'"K(N#ZGH?YL6,V3I#^6O>!?LE%YH%^B(09B(0[B(0$22ZG3&=:7
MYZGXEANM_;M4]=^D6N:A_B&OLJ249NEO(]6+%!9IB(%8B(-X2(#$4NJ $B"QE#JE80UZ?J!!3^0+[WFH
M?\@KB()HB(%8B(-X2(#$4NI8AC7H^6L:=!XJ8Y&=6F%&0PS$0AS$0P(DEE+%
MT@QKT+ME=8-N)J+]+O-0$0M$033$0&R6=`UK%J.FF8L[HP7D^)VL.5"=)_+%Y3Q4YH3JC!D-,1`+<1`/"9!82AU+5V;?WA&;U(';
M/G?DI9X\5,:2EO6B,*,A!F(A#N(A`1)+J6/IFNJ`6%+!K>_HV%6R!:\:*0JB
M(09BLZ1=-9Y.%N/10KPLZ;#*0P(DEE('=:@[OV);'>C.\F_I+1MT9XB":(B!
M6(B#>$B`Q%+J6+HF.^#\206X/1V.;:LTU&^B52-%033$0"S$03PD0&(I=2S#
MBG)SJ"AC6Z6A,A8I*A^HG]$0`[%9\K8:S:;-3/[).X=5'A(@L90ZJ&%-N6%3
M;G]V6/WD8)F'^A!6$`71$`.Q$`?QD`")I=2Q#*O&3:K&)[95&BICD:+R@?H9
M#3$0"W$0#PF06$H=BZS&)SI-ZK;U74K4KV4C"_`*HB`:8B`V2]I.Z8?.B">]
M#HL\)$!B*54^5\,Z\F[9J8Z 84^#%$0#3$0NY>B=X[%3G;[
MH9>7ICTD0&(I=4*R(I](*'7 M*UF$5UE>NEOWFK+\X4X*JS3$0"S$03PD
M0&(I=4"R+)\(Z%!)EJ^Y7\E*O,J2`[J:'[C-**S2$`.Q$`?QD`")I=0!#2O)
M5P=*\EB6Y#Q47HC2LOV%:"Y>6U58HB$&8B$.XB$!$DNI4Y*=^<1IE$IOM5ZO")FSHZ M*O.1G5IA1D,,Q$) 6N(WZ:N3@*R$!QXVEU(&]K5`O#A3JJ7Q1-0^5
M@ :B,119KA1D-,1`+<1`/
M"9!82AW+L-*\.%":\?WB/%3&DI;UHC"C(09BLZ3-U*3[8OVRML,B#PF06$J=
MDZS-KSQ]#M5G^?WB]CE$]U)(G\H*HB`:8B`6XB`>$B"QE#J68?5Y\9KZG(?*
M6&2A5IC1$`.Q$`?QD`")I52QM.\U,:3\[);5-9JOB>6A(A:(@FB(@5B(@WA(
MR-*>(MV?8!Q=R!_(&LLE=4IOJ]#7ARJT?)*1A\ITTK)>%&8TQ$`LQ$$\).RE
M?"(B>EK3^1SJ#2+/Q&Q;-^>2ER-(0JB(09B(0[B(2%+>F^"2?NSZ-M?
M];VN>T>M_:>JNAA_?1UO5K?WV_/;C _FK9;=:_[-^;Z?=*]
MO8KPU?B=WKTACW`[?M>^?T]WONY_HWT?K>\W7]?_??/T]>YQ>W:__M)^J-%%
M]X+F4WHGKO0_SYOONS=.^K1Y;M]!:_>?W]IW3%NW[T;4_B#X\[,OF\WSR_]T
M'V#_'FP?_RT`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`W,H;!3@#``#H"@``&0``
M`'AL+W=O IZ*,U90Y8J*E?!/*F1!-;S*K: 1+PK6*F11+* /EM6PI)-SGX?@LF-#YPVY Y[H+"+CF3N=^^,`X,Z&*?W,#25QXIW2HOB'H*"F0I)130+/
MFB28N9/1=!Y>P>)A1M;@$]5TO9)B[T#7@*:JJ.G!8`G,QMD,ZG/:&5@R,0\F
MR(8"6L%RO*ZG\_'*>X42QC7F\1@3-`@/Q)L,0+6;P*!CQ4GC2\-KO'8\RH
M0?24QWUEXWU\T;L)`AQQ.MZG#3]F@)B)[:FNU \:!(QJ'EF:6=]S>L*;(*&VJTGU$9,&%K#ONN?T9_?
MHF^"AOJ+@7?$M/IM"_9J;N;_8'-=;C`3--`/_8$^8EK]M@%[^HM;]$W04+^M
M+]8?,8U^>$8_@-TT+,`$^N;C/6ZCAAFT6Q@SJ$%-"NV.Z%4@.#'?KL@`AU=O
MSX5'`PY!309GBV#F4:
MYW#EN$7SU(`;#AA+'9&FN?RV_]$VWE7P**_HEOV@ 0LA7/"=^=0#XDW
M%7S1HK('YT9HN&'8KQG:=T#??IE "TVQQ*6`&FW6MIL?6?R#HE"S_8;;H$
M_5/2*S_S$KK^VY>'WLJ&0;:B3R/9_THKF@AZ@ M4IY#&6"N<31#UYQ58`&O7EWB?H(T9F];/P*Z\B!.6W\R'\\6X82`W-M3+IY+
MM/2]_,(%J_^5(M);29-);P+OO0F)QM%R1F;S!URFO0N\:Y?_0PCD K(&0Y46N0B=J/_*$R0(39[09>O#`8,4F]8JH5%BH4VD3%[$Y@OW^,C(-`9Z1JIMV[S,12,=6+2MQ`:@0L("CQXT`X
MJ-OYNG9S!T@JX%4K%K8B40I5A]0(6(1PFDS"CU.%8IML:BP,,S(BZDTFI((V!!+FS(83L.
M!SFPSNF,I<38 B\OK35MCS2A5<6]G%WPNDZ@,CJJGS_Z!P/]`]SDS]F1?LW:8]EPKZ(%#`W'
M"RA5*Y\%Y!?!SMV5>,\$W.&[CR=XT*-P'0W'("X8$^H+`NI'Q]T/````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`;1&W"($$```($0``&0```'AL+W=O 67CZJTWFG#"U:O;.)XMD7KG.V*
M^K"R__G[Y6EN6[S-ZEU6LIJN[$_*[2_K7W]9GEGSRH^4MA98J/G*/K;M:>&Z
M/#_2*N,..]$:=O:LJ;(6OC8'EY\:FNWDH:IT?O;Z2EGU0E,;(NR:#^E4=NJ\L6W
M0\V:;%N"WQ\DS/*+;?EE9+XJ\H9QMF\=,. 1@2UCKP+Z;2>6X+`[
M.OTB,_!G8^WH/GLKV[_8^7=:'(XMI#L"CX1CB]WG,^4Y1!3,.'XD+.6L!`+P
MVZH*41H0D>Q#_CT7N_:XLH/8B69>0`!N;2EO7PIATK;R-]ZRZB>"2&LM5
M\%$8^2JL2%O@!8?\O*^C8?9(`9:HL<0'9%>$"(50*_G")Z;'`/(
MX?7H7RB)0SJEV&0TAO@&HRN(>0_1.$+L3([AS0JYCK#>(P F-3YV1H^OU\$%1=30*BH84[3@A*4`,\
M1^FFCI%:(:B_.K>H;Y:.&X+N.((.RX>1('A,0&)NT,W`QN:*S,)1[(@;7)'O4>:HJCSKO^J;.R5#L"4YCJ?9]0X8W!$%8
MW3/?"8WR3S5`/'?\V%-^!K1.]#])-AEK=C26"`3=(:H"'B9J2/Q$1%&F]5X<
M0M#U(H+N$%4!CQ+UC8O@,?&0I\P+P1"&30="8?"]R#?4.;T#T++N&Q?#@QRO
M71#FE2U-P^T[O*:J*SH+(<>&S$[?VCZ*..BH\J9J-DL'4EG@L;%\P+@X8C']
MXB=/3>9+%?L@\$E(DM#06S&N"CG$I,( 3+X@Q'#@13GM8HV!YK2LN16
MSM[$L$G@-NY7<1#>P"`LIT:WWX`Y])0=Z/>L.10UMTJZAZ.>,P-=;7"2Q2\M
M.\EQ: &PO=V]R:W-H965T 9IBB)B"@*)!TG?]\E
M:2E6G+3IQ1:IV>'L["ZUNGH4+7I@2G/9%3@.(HQ81V7)N[K`/W_<7LPQTH9T
M)6EEQPK\Q#2^6G_\L#I(=:\;Q@P"ADX7N#&F7X:AI@T31`>R9QV\J:02Q,!2
MU:'N%2.E"Q)MF$31+!2$=]@S+-5[.&15< _UP";H
M>^@$4??[_H)*T0/%CK?#E2C`1=WM6=5&370MZ/<4;HP.T69_2"4R6UK$P`
M=*$7>I[S(ER$P+1>E1PRL+8CQ:H"7\?+;8[#] PN]*^T6!(=GT;>N`-\4*EE%]JWY+@^?&:\;`]7.(2&;U[)\
MNF&:@J%`$R1.!I4M"(!?)+CM##"$/+K_`R]-4^!T%N2741H#'.V8-K?<4F)$
M]]I(\=N#8BMJ)$F.)"FH/[Y/@F2>Q_GLWRRA5^02O"&&K%=*'A`T#9RI>V);
M,%X"\Y"9US'F^E:J(,^27%L6QP59:"C/PSK/YZOP`3RE1\S&8V`B1DP\16P'
MA"T%R!LU0N8O-:90P]?='R39H*FDY')ZWN85R!2Q?07QG-9$(WCW_QIM4('A
MD-&2V0M/-AZ2N4ZP5F]/-B8"LG,!V9LM.IAD@Z`93P3D^6+JP<9C3A2TSN^BG-DD4:+6:S*0:FWO(,%6S+6M;C:C VS@WF90NB@`;6=
MA7__]?SM(0Q,DU;KM-"5FH7ORH3?YS__-#WJ^L7LE&H"J%"96;AKFOTDBDRV
M4V5J>GJO*OAEH^LR;>!KO8W,OE;INDTJBRCN]T=1F>952!4F]2TU]&:39TKJ
M[%"JJJ$BM2K2!OC-+M^;4[4RNZ5 K`M;])H9I=JK=?KDJ7^99K8W>-#TH%Q'H]9H?H\GC+W6^_BVO%'0;YH036&G]@M(?:PQ! BB:/_7Q5Y5O=PV,.X$5XI3`8=A3*].,%*F2X``%Z#
M,L=+`SJ2OK7OQWS=[&;A8-1+QOV!`'FP4J9YSK%D&&0'T^CR7Q()6XJ*Q+8(
MO-LB(ND-XV3\_%#(I)1-TM$ZVK;)-,FG4]K?0S@V@-RLT_Q
M2A83J'SJ#ZWFW+'/&@:=PB)/6&46PJ:!7AB8\NL\&?6GT2M,)K.:!6G@E6F$
MJUE>U_$4\J3`H&G5^6)&I-F(?P3UL#!N3XMA#3#\\J6?D"R@(,$P_>1!K#=OFXD
M)L&6Y"8Y"..7((%:2X$2S\@6#?U3*8;
M"9/\+OF#)$U"CH-S]`=)@@NS9`$'\?'_(&*2CSCV!DF:"\'2#T@62KM$)->X/&C%C`?O`MW;0I"!?^VY5G2A6%Y%)(^X
M7.C'C*NC3^3>;I\>O4T@F,6WG5O:")N:FR(=@1CRK>W2HC7?3DM&[M"./=-8
MX`,B[&O>/3\BN
MQ1:"^;WE\2/2:NR<1Y^/$8V9X=W8-K)S%]-[+%L(YOD6TX](KG';ANY\/Q=Y
M>L K]N]4_B:U(G;9VP@]*'F[!(]MN$O\'XF2
M#F1TTBA5O55+510FR/0!#ULQW+#/T?-!\"G&QU8OOH0#8GN:BLX_P/ELGV[5
M[VF]S2L3%&H#)?N],>S1FDYX]*71^_9\L](-G,S:CSLXB2MXX._W0+S1NCE]
MP>/$^6P__P\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$W92_MN`@``J@4``!D```!X
M;"]W;W)K &ULE%1=;]HP%'V?M/]@^;TQ22$%1*@*
M5;=*JS1-^W@VSDUB-8XCVY3VW^_:A@Q&JW4O$,?GGGO._ ]*WNH."OH"EEXO/WY8[+1YM`V`(\C0V8(V
MSO5SQJQH0'&;Z!XZO*FT4=SAT=3,]@9X&8)4R[+1*&>*RXY&AKEY#X>N*BG@
M5HNM@LY%$@,M=ZC?-K*W!S8EWD.GN'GBT'//,S9CR+1 DS9
M E_X5!K.SZ+O0@*^&E%#Q
M;>N^Z=UGD'7CL-L3-.1]S YI1LP+H[Z:DH$5OKM/H5+],]10S.]L&7J'I_GR79=)). ;8DH6%OEZ,_ONZL9\I3&;8$;T=(5.%KE>?/RUW0CZHFE+M`4.K
M (PS`*.68L JL7NJV3%=]92*#:TR31@(\2#@=X7YA4X!V?>=[8!
M/Z57T!)O&_U+[+Y15M4:NIU"0B:O1?%\2Q6!@@*-'Z>&B8@&`H!?CS,S&5`0
M_&2?.U;H.D>3S$^GX20"N+>A2M\Q0XD\LE5:\'\.%.VI'$F\)X'GGB2*_7B6
M1FGV-DO@(K()WF*-5TLI=AX,#6BJ#IL1C!;`;#++H#XO9P8I&9\;XV1=`:V@
M&X^K+)LM@T &PO=V]R:W-H965T ,8UD>:4-DQ#O:PLZ>BX8H>!2'6':"DDH;-76-X2U
MH?&P%)_QP?=[5M(G7IX:VBKC1-":*.`OCZR3@[>F_(R[AHB74_>EY$T'+G:L
M9NI=.PV#IEQ^.[1 2UT``_@8-P](`1 S*%O,TEE^WTML&.D`GX@BFY7@YP"J!LZ4'8C,
M\!ACO14JQ(A.'M'+.H1RAR@DY.=UD\^35?P*FI8]IKC$I"YB.R`P%4!OY`B1
MVQROJSY003!2P2P@M\(L@.^16^:=>P6Q&"$.$U#(9H)J3:":/F:$1H"S".1S
M+_3"8*8CZZVUX#"87C*8WJS$01,T6H<0YBA!/O=$*`QFL=#92Z+)=%1`R[B]
MO>_P`R[?KQ`:^?PF[OF%P>2:7C:?)/AQ(5L#T2(ZG/(?X81&/B=/D\)@!LT\
M-C UMZD,WB5DN%: A-K*KU&_T?>H&3)*['XP8, \[5\(`'C/\$;/X#
M``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"3(>*US`P``#5\```-````>&PO ^[VU__ZF8?OCC6IR?+
M"C40X>T7O: *:P>?#[F+MNSLSM!]LQPY?F*R>YJZOWS]Z?F`^.`#U
M>:B;ZT0V^Y`3[]KKP-_[V_`2Q/7][=9>6WF4\_Z\#Y)N;[R#:[CA7EO[!R]<
M]$;I)BWZYOUFT;OJ:9')*W\#('[WGX,??ON;Z,^;/[QY,_C7-]_^XP=K\\\?
M?Y__[L=O>OU$#9$)'%3+O!Q4BH6O(\G]V(+;FZWO$4,FX";TUO5GS__J&?@=
M!`.8AS^[O=G_I'TQ'=@R1'AKW_$#+026P3ZVQ3-=*_K%RG3LA\#&GVU-UW9>
MHLTCW,`"(_Z=:P--N+$?:3BOG@=$D]@T0QB<36/<0FURP203-U;;9/Z[P"9.
MUZ1>URG^XW0Q*ZKMDJ8K'Q 'Q8]PX`3LUDV-L;&5*IE7"SF>4.%8T.F*VL4&F^G[\[F3OG*RJR+T_"Y1@`.
M.+E>M&'H5HSOJ8&O[$SV]G"(.J;#1*UQXR8??L?AT8-0B__3B/OA.(97K)S/80YG.
M2CA6B7'D0O$?OG7L1R_ZP?ZP@]7`.K!W(4I+$9`4+G>D,#!["$';<=+2>JQC
M\0E;;F^@R@^MP#/@@Q:_OW_90>GIP8($(?:CW]7\^C$P7X8C5H")[;#W'7N#
M*!Y7K."-"X[5U9VQNF-Z"3)1%"5"#6,U[4#HW7*^DH]T-9_+%CHRX"59Z-L)
MOB0+->"_E32?Q@-)EP4RE:>%-BY0!Y?3^7P^&U[-9K.Y/A[J.G/R0QS1MK>Q
MGBU $EF=*F>5(%#$
M*D&@B%76V9/(*K1A%8]5@D`1JP2!(E:E%9]Q!IXK9Y4@4,0J07!N5I-EU>KN
MSF!]GGQE5EX?LY4 R1_*_:$8V)P^&O1"Y_L]6=0QO4M(KR1BJXT
MI)E(QPI?G^J#J3X9746+*$FJ76MC']R\=:GNPE@!-Z)OZPTG/O12)7$X9&V_
M/K(0TR>X!Z.:,2VX`\1$$A*">\BP,6N!B]I(]A"SD>P@:"/90]1&I%@ROQ
MY,8_P.'88X(-8S881)U&43W5`@GP@H@I!D'VR?NS=I#`8JB'1,\
M1TDPSD]X%"0Z#B*)]V/%:+O]+QQ890
M=W87*ZD&=G))KPTF&W4V4),!.&D]QB085W]IRG$]8@_U]FY9]T-V\O7G>
MDA-GX&PF/+,$S\O!MW`((7X;E7C1!PCWLIU&I3MIYF[GO'P\N`]68+!3G)@*
MMA4/562?EJPVS3ZS8RVNQ?JSO4C,]X$?6NN0G8+%CO24X1F7X!G&@D3PG*)?
M+]$/?A+VQRGZH?]72"+X1:E^""YA_3+C`4\VBX,:**!!785')@+H\B0(@`05
M"/#DN-@'$)XJ$,#J.4$``9HA`#@547'*.!B2;`8QD*D$_5VIA!R36,FI[-#*
MLO0+^BNL-+CT>Y*;2;Z%0,_5,
M> $1)AJ1,J$J1%(.J
M')E1,5:5(@D$51F2,#'N.$7V:=LT:J*2_ND HI6CD"%VPM19;2",[$\]2Q=ZH]^8']$RPR\;+$-6RP@AY>QAK:
M:[KE:V#N[JUG6(I&AQJ?MR<96(,ITP_-]9[61+ET_YR`18#I&D?46HY]E=J^
M_%%@\+WMV@"IQ8`1J1H#:VZH!H%\QQBDAZ&D80J39`)1.#IEQPMU$^*)>\ZP
MF:LA3LYF>$R_8?*`^?L5P1%FJ#2YGY"\X.S^U^2+H6QJ:M-:EV&J5'E1*FD$
M2#85%!`;M'`@N5]5890&`_90J_+&,F[=UDYZS2&593*%D`A/X^/U>I67HN,^
MS7W4K%`[(SIVKE;[J>`LSFL=\S4A7SHWT!"7ZJ"ZB.?#J_V0E!1N9X#[LW1O
MZX"$F]MTE(1;,PYC)*LM.\%W(L7=`VP\L?)9K\YIKVU0U\2@!+@G,J[&O:T'
M==M9IE%A659#_2R5T_DU::PI]08%))8-ROBHFS);S>FM?-1Q$5G+%^F_E2Y*
M /4>M"3#)5)X#S7NQ52`*]HU*
MG%J#3X3[5JBEQD)^MA?!S0=#IU:`EY,^)IX;L2WJ(>*91%7+W%8`6V6ILR)\
MA:G]1$BR>*S-YC2JR,S"#6GX4!540BFP51"5`7J5D[%TEXF%T%E])`0)S]4I
MS$ZO+HYD`&(NX5;I&MX;*2ILFJP]:DH3?I;GYQVA$2@-*!?H0Z@)JI+#^6:<
MLH'PJDCF?0=G 3I:"AY;I0PBA=1G0"J $8X//X*61 \H!?ES`%JV;V@ZL$["4
M)KVV6/)Q MD52+:X\`LE)R(539]O,I:K0N"&P5;
M]W7C">.P^V!KY*O2R*I)6L*K@"9H,.2+DGE^',I3+]0!S1V($^DD"F.D>5YJ
M=I#%(0687W36IE?U,59",I^I\E$FPC*_;C\;YR3''5E1TVALB;?),.ZT720S
M_N"D[]>V/H;+/Z1#:K,^+I^F9#FM2425'QY1ZB_,&$F-5C9WY7)P<5(I73PV
M<=,(VD^%$V@.A.#*M58YO61!_'*!8AJ[8^[.$>E\MH
M8WQU496L-$6/8&*BLH"_IK)`0I0P1C`4J"R8=9O*2KN78["6R();:366E?8>
MQWAU:>8O'?)'4UQIRAGSOI\(^EXOXI%=AYWA0I-%-&D
M""XJ*^.1C]6Q8*Q261F/?*RBR4UQ93R"5.(O';YH*BOCDH#9F//*^
MGPCZ_CBC\A$_$HSX2$K&';PC/L*J6,1'D92,-3[*QX)1'DG)^.+C6Q>,[TA*
MQA3((Q;I\(6X12E'8]Z[NJ!WE^8FF5GX@,%Y1@0&//QS?7#@H:P^/M*5712,
M9^00@W"=("3IR5I_UE9PC\=4$#\>\A!%\%`'T)W@`+CQ;5P._Q),XYR"LJ)J(2<Q$A>$Q`1,B]'XB.BV?UCT_4`.&IC; _N*'3,2BE[W_@(\9@%$,+3)(-Q_V ,+F:#
MY>Q"'UN3B_ED^>YBHJ^6[]X9\\%HL/H?N`R?IWT-#V0^X7G5[+G:&UL
M[)W=;AQ'EN?O%]AW2`@RA@)(BJ1(2G+;&E`DY5:W+'%)NHU&8[%(5B7):A6K
M:BJK1-%7QF#?8/=F@5G`F.O%W.Z]]DW\)/O[GQ,1^55%4I[6`(N=&SR=>/'Y>]R^(J+]?'DV+$
MD_/Q]"J?\>?TXG$YF19YO[PLBMG5\/'6QL;NXZM\,'J0]QP-!O,;K+7(U\`N+.5
M'TX.LH>/OGD\>_'-8[WBKVUN9=^/1[/+DG?Z1;_]^*#HK6=/-E>SK8W-[?;#
M5\79>K;UU![NM!_^83[BS8W%;R9@0=HB8/^R=U;.IGEO]I_;TX:='1<7`XU@
MOV_SJZ(]:N_@3WMO]P\/LL.W?WI]_.[M]X=O3_?>9,>'^W_>?_/Z[7?9Z>'^
M[]^^>_/NN]>')]GKM_OM"1*`IS>3SNR;&VM_;+^P/Y].A?U7@[*7#[,_%_E4
M&,T.\EGG_;"'_?'5%80YF8U[[U>SD\M\6I39N_G,6`G>:B\17CN:GPT'O>S5
M)SD>S?'H#6H;(3_O-M^/V+^%%&Y[M@[N+\;0#W\E5/F2Z
MK`(,5$[R46=@F.W'8CA<>S\:7X/L(B^1T7[VNBSGQ;2]?"+[43$=C,6:BRF8
MQM7)_0H)[&RQ/3),O'#LJS^WX7F9#_-1KX`YT`KE,AE^/ #\HB*R=%;W`^N%VXG[27C@R=ER5+?]UYG)>7[=].IWF_R/*>
M*:PRFQ:]8O`A/QL6J]FHF&7C\PRZC:]M1_SQ
M;F\O>M@! SL_E@*`-1VFZ*?Y@/)I++#AXUNCW#R\:[0UBV
MN!P/^]G@:C(=?R@T3X?/OL][EX-1@:@)>VF]]M3[XQ%J/I>5JF73P82RR'\;XM,
MBWYWVJ;HWC+MF\9F5S/3IE'D*[RTH=GKLRBFG3N.6'HY"/S@0X&G6LV#[(=Y#);5[.'&^L:F-'+V(1_.B]_).=S8V,A*
M=WSR^>P2G?Q3@T2+KX"*-J_ID%>76&\ZE@:63
MC)7F(]/M_MA9W7R^ZYK@R>K3C>=W38NRQ)S.V.VP8UB"0[=O
M3+ZW%'/^G,4#8GKN!X:_##EMEJD3J.XV+EVC[3@ S`=YI^>A^GD3Q
ML5=,9NZ99OU\EG^. D;AW;@N]^L'>YN;_.SIG%1^%=-41.AY?,XCN\4Z:625[$_KU>7XSU>[UZ&[8)IMR7DR)Z!Z.9T[+4RY?+5.98HS;9
M]G&&-,7%>(Q2*[$7[1'?3<>8W:M\>C'H>&(G!$>F)5&O>?]J,+*X6@H.=8Z7
MU9F+G$1V/AU?N:>3]0?E9%R:Z6L/#7M"!:.,Q]THW2V]/S,5'-WNCOOSVM[W
M90>C ]L0Q_-\UHG^MT*#DC*NFU]SKMB@T"A>\_C(7A:KQ/XW`;K
M+>MUYCG\V+O,1S!=)$>@#BG*\-->>ZOW>,4X?PE31LA;.]QN+Q/'W;*;SCM-
MAM\G&Z*,W/52[;W7_^N\G%GHGB'^!,;C48^DF,6PIA_X5?%L3U,ISL=)[6=G
M-QFI8ED& X F*H2@BU8;1U+$?Q(241:Z9&2G$T'JV10$42E?6P
M-%76GQ?:P_E@VHF)R3.18"!BBWA>H.E
MY(*GX>1N.BXA:EX:3X+X[H;O0M+Y8(1+0-+=*-%0EE(R=9EW?ZBB_<9F%
M%4?C!0,$_=EX.AU?:_$5TC,V_E'&"[ 0N"LDW2KP=%V9L.)I;E84)A
M&F4_69"A/Z!3,L2&=-R"40L[NS5Y!T&$^8^"H?S W?JT+0`\WR
MQHN4@.81WNY`^;G9)9:01$`6)8W9 ./2\%Z?A'$)R%,\
M9DW&?P1O5B0V51GSW0;-M+@:]PO#R"5>-+XO(.KU'@I`!L3U[V#4QR8*-JT'
MZ%?%E'SQL()],I^RG:) .C7G_\'6(I0:3]7.76'R70`%@;#FQ"=3!CR
MD9]F9&J4$&=>C*(9('9\#5Z+S/9Z/J#ZL)I=7PYZE]DEKC'B4)"](_&.A[>:
ME4I*A7TQ9P_VT\_:4R`:A88%1`L(7S!C9Q:5:4/6?#XC!_R3B>(>%%M6#%W411J.4:*/J2PG6C'W$/87IF`2\7._Z"D%C?3F4$W_H55@Z:M$
MCO6F(IVJ5M]F9JPN[YS-@ (S6T-/S_$I"8E/8\, )(Q)-A?RW'JV-QS^?XT8
MTA9)O3,4S>NBD]D'R60E6E-FA9SBHJ=@GR\
M/0QRJ-[)J)^@MD87=`11_-Z;OL]')5T_=2L6XCHPD"=3Z^;$]`BEF)'I91%(
MZ%:Z)BQQHP5$M.&PFEP&3.PQP,0/2\(XQ3HELC2E>(SF=".LT,!5#$ZVBN`W
M(F=Y'*EJ*=O9"#EVWACIX,+D8T0/34
M+43L*Q]`#'4T)A^'K6HJZ-F+!4-N\4COF#R[VP7=^CH[F5_ANQ#KGW\NL, `E
M="1$&U2O#P,L.S!GIB:/SVXFJH;Q>`%68'.M.L-^1B6B. /LC_G`W]5IH?_AD_7F&,1]*_0@'_+"3?D!'J&G/'GA)5"X-*#)_L",M
MA\09 :,+[>H)RYFC5^0#^!C09'7+!)<74@H_NE
M-[47X\0&ET\0$EK@,;XMTM-+4'&5V1BG0)0!H,_?MW?;548QYW;D7CKR:O1L
MRVH4YSRE"S/\]D`8[9+ Y\!Q486:KO1=5S,QR%88
M)Y4RQQ#R,D(;`'3*DAM4#XF+K12_Q2:V#R1IHF`9":=DPQ2D$;K3.*U1\;[)
MM1@K:(K*H@M(UE4(MPX)+/Y5$&^./'F-IW7@`>F0G`$" !9YM9Z0?7H
MQ?,"D0F:!N16C`AP(])1+AF:/KXJ),3FG%ACTU8B1JO*80? H
MQABO&G/*UDQ`@/>?29O2_:&P#[R88U,H>89W9@&WFJ[4ZB.?*7@L^76=GZE2
MAG82;<GM5$LZ,8-)8VHRNN*=/9\!V+@89[T=:2'3>5"@(=K.1.!N*@4
M^V70:NRBG)(R2`#LVR_G$^D&N#W6'%@=/1IP>R%BU0-""Q[J
M+UNB-TY1];&YGU?O[S,1B0-'2GJ3AK*N0]%5A`O3(G&7:JJ6>N2``82T`LLC
M:5/[+],QC699FYO!<6RV$L;^>N42@#/,G\8S=R6VN^2K0_
M>W&"(O,&5+3$02HWF)O[E@JBR;!:PG&S@E5^E>HJ>TG[^ 3$/^+>%X(6JX+1B!OGJK/R%5@URW$S0O*TK'^.1JN15:P-:$L IG9*N2H88TJY :\3U,B3XZH5]9G,_5BWQN
M#HH2:G)D0JQ%G#6N/=TJQ9TQH>AC\_-H>,HLWKG!'PP5L:NYN&NO^S\+"`CW^B\9MQ[G7*8Y4;
M9=$$!R/P7D(>(?GIT5V5OVR[#G&(0 K!;#9GI?\/=A.3>#FPAGQ\/CP8%@6AHX9?/?_:D2&HN-S
M EW""B@@1-D(W(04K1$XS(FTE&$V``M#JN?C2_RP*>12YP=+M)1%FA2R[_*8P@,X;4[F4J #P=`!T6Y*Z\
M*JA]&)!3"0ZDK4@?.-\LJS>R`'HGE.ONC&U5BC3J5D"CG(RXR#HGII),<=)5
M1Z)@:8/#_&H!S30!)@+'F-QJ@2XR(
M2QD1I,/];/.%&H?SK-.N5P+ECM9=YWF`7IM9N&)
M-)RR`8>C2 R%9H,X#X325.C+^B&VN[#JK=O[03C;6]NS-3J_5H [3/_'0PFK!J4R,]&J/#%C;8
MQ5A*WSP%P2A?2F6Q""QV@7-1,SLJ'#/,$6.6%D8/#V9F0I2E87L=G9B(U5I;
MFI4#R'*D4\XZHLCW7KHN1A-7W"7.HS6@RK#($'L"VQ4-";704IK2XCD#/@SH
M=X`-+]%K+->#IJH^F`377T^I\32/>0-M4ZBI%B'52DR6J^:T&>VH'$507ETU
M$3OBYN(@M/N19W.-*(VJ3*73&)'6AMLSMIVV'E5Q1(V]>:UBTL@- ")MZ3?U!F[:!>1B>1,`'PL+T`(]U6,&\%`3`BYZWF-
M*TR""AM$NBD$+N[43'B"7!E*R-23KG-U&M9Q+^'NO82LFG>=\<>9J2.7:-6P
MK.P7-.SL 7Q!G!?]50D- 2_/8XCF:I49]JX2:$Y?JE2SH(@\>L^(<
MKA=4*(UKCN32T05*A=/NI@65?) 0_^&2*P;,DVG/$O5J\W?+;QVH3\(LF3] *A4Q@,U=S:)%T
M$\#9BRZR#.AJ!H%;;VK[&R>SG#!F1B4<20&*7\5/^C$VF=H/7MS5S]'Z*#)4
M.AO+&3BHN?$?K"8M33?)+$9*O2^-XP'^"A-"0/4&NI KX$@&L4]O6:T)3DR853(\@:]HS^3L2"]X*=]W1&(1`OZ'YVGC`5S
M^T4&KB.95=?XX&K0N;XBSN&U=+&/-[YR2B76"6U'I]B>DM*T$/T@2%+<>R
M>9*0.X&(!%GDT*4+J^-;:TR]#/S7+[GYES_/1:$[^RTU]\&U3%&UW
M%`4XDPX8.!,!8Q.:D`$Y>4!>RHV[T\R:&?-,E"CM6ZL^>4W2+`'LN3K@#2U2Y/K8?J\I
M;4P@69&'TMJFD`Q@8FT)'/J7NZ`0AZ_53N)U=+#3%5VL_GJQOABS@3,C65TX
M"?YNG3#V7,D3$1AP?U1,N3ESY?P,CPHC'$C1IF='1"1'%"$T\H3:$LB*V8Y0I
M8)=*\[O%.O8*2I:""5DKI>B5[$2BYDKV1PI6+(^!0PR\;FVYQ/2(&9P7/97F
MMJ'XJ,,J3`LRQG;4"8]9IUA$%VL(YD&@DD4K06ZET!'P$8$ 7%BJY8#-G"L64XQ(\DIQ
ML::WN`Q22K;,#;E]'KIH_(BY,%^!EFAK^0]UOU%V(*(E6PQCR;',:*QHFGH8ZTDEF5N07#T'N]9%*CK?%>#0H]D
MI8%@T>46Y#JT58[1XZB@T3W^KF2LIH^%DGL"VA;#EWLGK_>SO;.WW*%XDAT='F MIMXMB IP.7P1;ZS0_((826,@F>3_N-
ME=TG[9^.HA/)5+Q,JPUQ?"==_MF*N#/#P:U6JS-\W]1D!]CH5+8?'*(A);2=
M6Y,2\3HK_-`PI-)0Z+KEPU=T(51[6?W8:7BQ.Q3:WH,1J.`N(ZT0;,`2-Z(#
MJ2/_=O/;> +ZZOA!U[S:XO:6CY%=*[2"L1(!R[(+%7I-*3.:\_;)O
MO0/I76O>^5H;C/:Z>T.5>DBJC3!4B$0J(DF5N`);8$-)M5IKN!)7GE/7\(Y*
M"J?T\6P)VOS%N?XZ1VXF7[R
M#T8RP6@` (N!_YK"TSKX(_?+M:B" A]]"A3ZP502?71XB1>N_QXW'+(Y4#BX+9QNFG
M7^IL7!V2/,M'[RO&\D2RQXVEJ8:0RWI%F7"*GJ&O3C ;NW879E$ V5!44S71^EXDVUS:2&@8:*599%'"
M"I9T;N@BU`.M&FHTI/NI(8YU*;3Y3)L4'_$Z72:101TM$H"FZP"HPY[XJ/%^
M#TX,T?3RBG:=[$^QOX:F#G:N(!XL1*O7QK>P?:[74D*QS87-*XLL2>MM9:$R
MV B-X3H`'1H,9^X
MJ/QU0M:1<2S$O?2JPX.]T"M65;_%/E FB-A>^XUNT#?!2CA8C26N+$1>`$
MO>@`J7:CV\1I-;$&DNHE<92[1H@V][D@")ZFD=%1&LA/V,>^$F6Q$IHZ#,#M
M-/'D#.:8$U1M0:H/\/9*J:\,EA^=`V6G\M#/9NW Q[S9B!5^A0IOU2=J3N+H+-((AE=ZH
MACE>MA,VD:-&);O5^MPF[#%]3_#S7I7 ('.[*"[/]))45XB/+)L/QG*Z#Q'X.%&^K#*?IC-'!Z:@,.0MF
MB0Z:10I*J5JE&$UHV?70W23F0=/JG%XP-[P97")L+BH8VR+A$+5X="8OEQ]5
M>G2E(%W7@0 =-(E
M,E 1$\U^,T=RUCL>F'&
M'!7=3H0]UFW!T&E:J"W9BS0%&_-4E@A8RS.+!>QRB5!/IPJW,J!\QBD'^)9^
M'&X8%C$%G3DL.O="IDN];L*PIN-W78"K;&BTJ]7V@B,&![,WMZB5<71YUAQ>
M:1''^&TPO7"AV,3J;^KT$U/U!])Z%(JF0&E@+H$PG2M>6"^@XU@%)@EG7PNS
MCSK[)7'"6VFZ##Z$1`H.Q3-F?76S
M#F43;^D*:`PA/ZZ,G7Z6<>-)6E+>5DU&A&M"K*4.C-WN`1R4!V:8/-Q8+M60
MB0+9H8!@2/*-7-.#IC9$6\W&U"F(!7C:\4K>:H]/.*)X+!O+S$>D0V_4$LM-
M`#`'2L*9OSJ1M7SD+?>PW/)2+0BY^S:6)U_?&U(9TA>??G'P:^;EC,-Y7]#F
MX8\-2MW<0ZI17;AEMD>%W2Q]`J6F1CYQ#53\_U.H&O.KB`BR+[=/NG*4W3(M
MZGEVK=/*OU]_O?[=.A]FFNB+&US\MOYF?7_='#$Q3)S:NF!NF?+A-
MKCZ$;S9A)H0(S:DZBSMJ4IZNY"CO#M3)"Y]S^4&")H;%MO[#G0W_GH0M_GWU
MQJNB0%&ASU%T5V=TS!BFI(%D OH6[,GBIT_:6:]:THE; 9P&]F4`@*P9!P;QQ#;
MOT(98H5@U;CA;`$2=$=(XSYC\T._0QI'"`,/D=+C>#LHXO)F7S=_ZNX@S@G\
M85QD"-/+Z7C\'F.U?ZF33#FVV%Q8()4`^*8\WMK:_4Q$O97NW4;WOM%!4S:^
M;XF)]D;LZ;OX]!8=VQYXY^VJVU_?NK04Z&*OV>Z04X98C9(.>TBJK.#RCX=$
MNJ1)\Q&2'76?.PE[PS'1R=2=XH?/UC=23-5X3_X4;3MV#%#J3Y2VLP9B6[[P
M&-^J'4CD#24,^"?9>Y;&I%GI;R5_E/$>&5\TS +0+(=,A.&-[ =&OF`W7-4R@H?L;A;H/.3#J$3(%EXT,L7IY18`("EH"ZLU
MY[H^K>I0CE9T$2I](@OS^/P(7]/@]E>=D7?J\QWT
MN18_U6GW18LW.G\ZC3T5X'V`U'U+5"I"H$.038[.TW&6.;C/F=1.C\:3KU0N
M1\[#9_*"V*>K*BFZX`I9B`^/X:^2F.[Q+;(:_X6L,*>O
M%#(:.2,/_,[!ER^.I`XS^V)N]QJ4X#OBN*N)82\SDF(ZVC1LCGL9QIUUQD7^
M?:G24VU#F1%(!A*EQ:78J*VD(.#`G?6=KYI[#FEQZR(T7"@_DU[!9LFL42BB
MK4-%$QD4);#\ 6O-&/I)IT>)D^,`34,K6X.`RH-3K8
M-4<MW_]+[?^7WOT`@ZQJW,2@2`]9BB:HZ/7?S0$X=.`B7X?KL4&ZNX*U"02
MD8R@56#CUV_PC'4?)T5]N33AA372"S;J%,TF,RC"6>FQ6CN%A4VVEO=F53B'
MH+%N9X-=UEZZP=VOLB^X06?-.W88!/)S=GB*M )T,CY5^&1$_:[-UL7*]7/=[DO8ODCU@GX5:OR[[%ON
MCD2');@=3J.%W@9X>;A5N3H=?2>ZJ/&SCQ[(.?3%=1/>XKBYO<750R J
M\Q";JFW!KIU-`9/TBQ$JG$]5S9\LAW\'?M,0S9^`O+>0R[>8EBGT50U0UF`#
MD9-HG#H7.P2U5NJ)MP:FO]'J&%=\2J=',CFM,T+,Q?QM&6-UWM?=2"2:+*X0
M$,_7MV(XZ#)HB^FZ?O:.P[/&)P#X!!L;%]DQ,!95PM_"0P>Y=YOLID0NCY%/
M6>U4CM@;B6,JK5LB+:YB=T+9E2/NXC3,>H#X2BU$>E!G4JY&'>&A5>92(I*P
M^3O%L[I_G/]5E@1R86M`?9=ED[&A< -9(IC9Q*@I7%"4"W?O([S&Q\9K
ME6S: C49G1\VM"&4M' )Z`EXN+QY-5O9>B0#I!2(`#U3EH8M
M\>")W7U*]BI5.:GNI3M_-6*;C"63]X.ZXB:(,3T^H2QJI?!4'4X.EM[;X9Q#
MN@&N1R#EY5@]VF5*KK"C[4D&R5/]5K,/Y36WA"M/'W%I6-_NZ:YF[I@G7*)X
M!9KO82^Y>6NQ]*$P/C-66I0">&W6F0NJ3"VF-7Z70N_C9JG3*%:IND>N
MNTO;PA*"]L3B/-C?> 4K/:>L;IJV?;OP6BOEH8K3AR0]=G^@+8GG__'3?DA/L\^WQDA`10Y:&_
MJKZN0@;1>GY>(H)D?OWK\*"6/3Q=`.S&ZO:3W=7MC>>_`=C]X!957W-)'W/1
MY]T2\/4NM&,N`/6:_"V`/NL"NK6Z\1PR[S[]#7":O,"M+2JCJ7"]C>"/(J(P
M$ WKH%*Q]@*@!E>LYP<=1M?L!^#S"EZT`@;D+RI0J
M&O->*T.3RH1^U9-_?]),,H&U"?^C[M8`%WKO;.'K;C^/A\_`1X#V$)FT(^5V
M6/DHG5*SNR8(!*C(>%9=_O6FLG\^!UTV[EN03)WHW)9IY#1I:Z)''8.SA[W/
M,,1V-MF2BYA6SD43B-4:A>KV3#&7CB:)+<5482T.ID;=6ID*>@GX$N49N%'.
M(:`FLK;=H?EP\^GJ3A2\VJFRBG78'X=-Q`R6&64NZ>GVML4.\A$P.@U1T2F0
M@*'ZW6V*(A!%152H/)O81^[I(A^
M1FK:^$F'"#1/$#QZ_Y6$@J9L`8+8<0Q LU/UC?"[-F)L(M^U!:W#
MMQH74LI,-./#)9 .GZ%(V-
MNRT$LD!7/335$_M.\VDXZBC.(>]%(*K[8P">#YRXTZ6(>H:P0'XADE@XX*#.
M`:%(H@$T'= 9V;B6S2DSAIDLE5.L!T=0-R2[I9W%][M#^>W#AO=)]"
MU+Y?I:AO52Q\_1;'[12X@J8(=1 C`@/1+V/IIK5LM
MW/'C`W"]U4F*P.BM.H:\4Q%?TELJU2VI4@RBJX,["<6\29,"F0%I=[]$)[##
MDM';C=$H9ET,@@8%IX(V39SXOOE"RF9`.N6M#*DI0Z]-U(6[4H*5_=28)B)7
MDI,_Y,MP4B)VL&L52.\^["[
M T\)P):
M]9P^)'I.F3'A(*2K)5A]ZM;U0]N!Q#ZKR0A(_-CK)WO=E89]Z#`TF^SG*^
MFB>@P8) UEBE^;_5S'`;7P?A(JKL& &
MRMK])`Y4$XFW*9R`72WZKU0GF_AG7TR?[#;GCJG1OX4R>5GYVO<5UD\T79Y6
MZBCP*KKZ??EO>@H%YWB`8L7Z?O-X]N*;QZ@-_?/E[C5 6)/=" \"'3!GMG.19E'1!4CSE9R&.MF5^6:AEH-AV$-K@;=3=B%]__B?"&FM`D-_P
MBAM3?_WY?V8K`._'7U0'=25JO9V5,V6N237_YH8O`)P]+GE`]^NNZBM]UF3$
M9W#2+4J R,*2
M_>*@J"$)J,U;@RCX'#@_*1BQENQK7:V5*_=8AEQ>PG1BG5;ZUK`0.K4I*0F;
M+8CI.**%A9V$C^-^6;`[H:XHGNW2P'5HN&KSEX50X;+&OPMCC$MN:>%:_LYG
M'7K8_7H93)YT(3E07:BUOSQ/T-R2O*<7[0BF&Z0W,\&>_UF J84)(NGACR]99R6@71N-#9WJ[&-'W@'UB2=<8BQRFS0< I
MR&\?[/-9A[/I0./. O;[>UX?;"=2;N^#[!V_4.])U=.4H+">?0U?
M"K1VR#]E]_[ ZY!DZ
M'M*U7IY""__KF"+#T@TK`8JY-SVH-I4H@W4HW+
MS[<5'W,U=CBUN;-F2*)5J+G2$20=J?,HKCJ5''UZWA>(M$Q "I5[03OQ`#O:*]MQ:BI.&+!MYT1K'8H]-=R\,$[-E:L%:LJ57$?H"D&>*QM
MF$O46!A31T0)#H-/U)1@B-&E3,,M"[@;V1L8QO(#]*T-QGKCS+[P\83N.H;K
M6%W*_DK?ON)BGGR8_2?O32 G!WL"@Q;.E/>T;O:&`MW7!D4(!2:UF:KN26:=:E#@LZ(E5=C`M?#G>GB
M9F\!KK9B5+C4VL/-Z6NPH+'<4D!BY:O11WI[;B+5Z5T!>D,MO;R=I@231LR8
M*L,TVH![OXE N8UGOK[('Y^12@*2(I&19/H$!DI)\A4M3!$G[(##N
M@.2F)1Y3)$%RRT=!!D&>(>^V]*>O;9$\D4=9BR\0'+6(.`\W_7J'Z#MLWQ.0@G_\5YTN@>D'&0YFSGA
M.,%
MNJK1/PN2^CRMS[57XHS*``=Q=H2K[\.2D/GEDY3`ZDV!2A2XGK]$.SO.5PDH
M*7:WSA=P`8V0BU]*`K,V.A=B?8`DM9"5/-9N*EDHNNK=9(`T(UA$Z4`.=?
M1D3G#G>&6K_ O+K(Q,!RD6ZU4KM&J#[>],
MYIH6.CMKJKWW
M%(0$GMZY=70ZUVS7'[L[7W4HBHP0@#LF:LU88ZM5G?Q27Z53XPK%\%&P.U.P
MF#MJ=^=30`D`+"$B*I-5.N-<3C*Z.5?,#3LU0H/8.8%;#).&>EQ!/2;(JDHL
M.T"2KD>XZ5\\#)8_J9L\9[4!8`2$/V
M^%2$XYVJ>';X+E"B&(;I+JI,1_ (T^];RCX)BL8Y8 HD)
M],/N=]\>"36*Q/W^VU9?-H=4*7_=;OX*TP$)%!)-;<404L`)2M,6
MFT4A^#BJ5>*:J1Z$0^SILU'D27DIA26$Y(/R!23%_&6$*'U`K(Y",.,O00*K
MA3:NE>;\1:PQK=Y=YX:AH-HCH@AQ#9>3K8C*4Y!B[>E?1[0DX^C5%P%>GQW'
MI$# 56)*)T9
M'$L*+H1"[MGEQIT\=Z:#?12]>?=SOO2G+>A1W=W^M:7R/SKQTFX'S[]987M;
M75(TQ%ZR+28BTDNRZ)TM5"IV:K%5#Z*8"P22:`U#V3]93(D>ZI/+:]@#YT:-
MLN\#"6%T#H[CK\ES:K&Y%8Y4^^M7R59K?[\O$=C^ (&E%F =84:DN"`S,LH0:AV(D:\5*H*\;,5):+V"N.+Q=E
M=,_9VCSI7;X@@G-Q]8D*!)OQOK).NTM2LL6'['JG75E_ #H,$1
MO2LOL8*P(*K/G&TX/B&V1D$LH%%(*:''&];OWF.Q=4"A#6^O>&@KM7"JRE/H
MWXYE?/F.6>>RQFQ#K 72V(=Q=5T9-*2>5F]>>,=(PT1*+.
M@;P[0C=Z0F?Q9 I)*B
MX9]"].'KZ1H!U.JL<0YQ(,IP*Q(B8P!AH+.+G[&/\.^SEXGY7$9@V859Y7[$
M0K:(%06:AK/EZ".;P/!1&!L5YG2]5D/+CBL\Y:!/-_#6KBX&$M ;39J]]U';PN-X$%1R_4#%X#UE]LMB7)5-2(:;;UCN.`?[ 2M!4%T-J>G&&,"_F)IVGW&3P$KYEK'B!CZ4RF77[*<<=^50_V&K6/Z^/
MS]/)YFQM)INC$">F4JV:*EW!6,J75T3)'U-_V2R%/$QX2O@0I5SWFV"DC>;L
M<>9#9'PPXMY53? 3 ]0J"/"(`.C1+SBJPX/TGQ@XFYZU5WP[67MS^);+
MGY)9E5YP^2X6%%**4WAS=S.6%\76!PW-N+'J&2
M3>`GDGI4$/,$,G7RH1XS%^0H5@[Y.MVA ZZ6;'P?GG]ZHP?LZ+"PZGO!
MU9*HA_#O)*ESBR(09AP@:GU H`%?1>!(%[8*S[2+[>5#=7
MTR9'U 1'2@J*#>@[T^``
MV0=(86A1^S7>F0HV:G\[43]5R.[@\(=$=ADE.30K/HY0:I^6H*/2 .N9-@\UU*V'5VF9=CHPEVD8AH
MQ 1"O:>_XVL1L8IB9( J+ZH!5.RP_.F
M1 4?($LB:H!@;S,&BPD4"*$EX40$%F6R='',EFH%O1Z7H2SQYN+TV&%
M)+VE^&* ##>1V"RBBNZEC;`%E9(64]"&&1P.V"F$4Y$,D=160G=^6$O_H14MB.KM)[Q
MIWNP*%HOV+W.*LRK?,I%8(\G_E&(\FT,V53L5*8$6ETZ9*A(]UO'&Q9X%.3/
MDSQAZ6G"B)JRC506DWF#$P(3X;B#/&QJM*;8WX^OEC_QF50Z.'#+>.%#F]2Y
MEV_T#Q[5#O+X\.W3S:,GJ,MV#BUOU]F2H6
M?$4!82H632IFN7+/(H6MA%Z)#&CP,FA@QZ8)6W02?US-2&N``+%G$=]1UZ">
M(].S4WK\T3D0Y5ZQSS9WE!9R(34P6V6$8FIT9K`6D+>NQEVRR/#Z&E
M;RNO2]^G4R_&\4`(;!F6'$(M+PX\1-)%/[_;H&QG;]57;3##GN*-+X@W[BJC
M.7`SX[J<2AJAB] [O,*F.4>&26I6IFF(]ADL+R0I8"4VM;=.@3)F&!:KW5$ME)[PS;5RQD$F
M4@A?J37!`D53K2W&T*!X83[J^-+;PP@3_/)X?N:J[+I#5D(NPE/8((ODH)9I
MLJM[4KI-JS6DIRM#\R\WOI[9K1N!OEQ!C!/OP$K`!'L.T2M_%IQ*),J8^_>]
M-DKV/&3=O.L/3Y9>?SB2PICL<=WY@(SC97L-PK 35
M:`)RY/NE.9'U)]\LA*,8]9'#)VW
M:!A'M6S?1*-3=PE"=&&VWC2'_HIE$"]2-15EM1^MO:!10_O+G0AFLPL949'SM].L/%+[\=KZ
ML\'2:YO/V\]T# IA24GL1-%H2VL:I3H
MMQ+:/Q0.[T#X_;=_^V__H_UN#SZO=-D5F39S,<1OT[_]?BMU#TG&QT#"_;C"
M,7SU[%D[[=K7#U\\>3KX+2T`GW\]^.W7#Y]O#GX;\CH[0C[`P'P[O(>9+)(^
MS44.3<8QG:.^K)UFSGIYLCEI3Z&YAJV=; V]W:5=
M*&'S3_G4+-@R.]9"*`G,'&2R:?*Q>EL$EV-V6@PY:,=9F9C!<8I+0ADS@KV$
MGHAH2Q2Q>K.X@[%#6_9YDI6;ZXY`1F84.4@CE-2/0= 3MXGMQO8!1_)B!`NL7E; &%D6;F9!6/X`F?UE7F0+W& .HWOD=,7LCN;VY]YX
M_GBS-.X!?4`K-&3,]H^4-1&1[#0AC/.GL0^N`[_[$&LKF4.1FDXP7MCKWA:M
MZ-$:2SNP.@2;3_[LO%IRC#4E1[/T*.9P$Y``(S-2%#2C=^VI'NPD\T4(*NHB
MTEGE'>0LA.F=Y:.:68;!%+]#BC4=8Y\G=$IT_55FD+0S/Q"8$V^X<=LRN!6P
MDXW!%$H5F13['/_A&(KG/ZGP.0HN%LR18$5D:QF3-5]!K84^2". #AZ;%RU?
M/IQ$!3JL#CVG#2/B**.CTBL&2/ZH=/3V_#K,MYR45CDIS#^O9
M18GJV9\*S(4-`=`9H!D4$R]V,`3N8`9R0X^VA $6]1
MX/JH8A+]UC%[$27PP"+@\L),(H"*427KM_HF^_G"034'SO_QQ9UR^GS `(:TA@BZH #RT-(G02Z*E1*06M3`_]_:2.2M[A5(BWI";?#H_NU#,
MXM1&7CK 6^ADO>B(V!
M'15G7]U &`
M./84C>.)U$==HW@?Y\W,9;>M?'WU=RH62C\?T>4/ES/J-B[0B6?T91PO_LO?
M`?N;RY\54Y%8CE'WB.`!ZS D`S24O[GA]<8S5WRQ5IIL
MEY0TYY$'FK[0;NEGD8<=`G6%%"&2F]`E7]W[YHRC(4#6MC07(A6A2@W1"BL`
M0^:>*ZLZ'B=!G+B@0H\!`:)%!R%AND-Z'<=D+9T28-=4Y4@ ;,"*KHL*JV3?=F?Z:8,CB:5>^\)4=PL#
M.5!AB1G%5G,7GRJTF"S0V#X6@AZ_DDYD\F%!U1%394L#H=$]C4N/P')OF"E)
MGD0!9#Q\`RKT,"('R&K72F;"8L/,9$6H)D(^+KT&_?RO%`2[*;$3,*_-.?*1
MTS@I/,9I4\N$'0X]ZQKT-1KJ7**>^`(IB7.X6X+']6F:@_,$\=17\**!&]J"
M0_W^)'.F55WB3`B7:)`6N%#0X=U[2LX%5-ZV0ZN_TK&5I%^H4[T9SE%(4=NL
M8FK*!?(#E\G?=U&M%N6A%+)/.@7]I,54JGUZ+#L21T+@.UHN(R*VI[T,MF#Q
MV_IBT(TFS:>801"S9KO?+]7WVY@R=_1"JT^R/AR.N%@` ,
MU_I='0%7D4:Q9R%KULCWON +6`Y^I3+(^!;GQS/_`52YDW\XGS[*30(DH*PYDGYW#:P.O1N)$0[;B?J`
M(#KN16MSD]A:8*.R:8OQL K"@9%F4K5Z,1@\[@NOS0H'H_^"8BOMS]+#VB4IWU^<2Z:5OU`?62#T1
MH9?"H>$FA<=#&6>R#)@N/!?%0U#FNG`HE!^^VD%27%95#_^$&+M&CT:9"$!6
M8/"39*!L'Y?Z\22#B5C"[H8"`!F-W)W_%6_*B%L4D\Q4J
M,X=!F]UPU=@"/-.?#&:4D71R1JT;>4M>44DE?R@R?MIY?X7S\_+L
MET#,G&S;14K_=-?$*`BD=X9VIIRQ827R71<3B`Q
M93YI-U]^\A2FB9[ YD);.3JZVY:B%_&RRDR
M,G%^.)..#%&MI(:UCB9#F[-ZJ:/Z;,%,FMC=&$>N-Q]]J*#@IN1Z!I`5M-
MX)W)-`V11"I)>O:NWO6I5\#`=24E,!-.R(N(#4[I!6MC[41R\50I#9NV[6JI
MJD*35D=-G('VXNLY2AFD4*87QA69DON4R@A \T[/C
MJ9TE81GO7!5P0K,?M9&!*L-7TAG5JOQ%BB%YKC@5@C6`GRYE46#503?0Z;B%6>99N[ W;)YK`.W>0N+X[":@D`83W4MM9
M"C"#-31(=*T8?>):C S/^I_&1WB">@!^OCVFI)#@;MJB!%9!E9)YX6Q(CO[IZ2:CHRI@
MA-2?0NJ'W?,YK]3(K['H[KX=?+`@,CCGVR6$.UE_^HV"@(.1+=]MXVD(`5L?
MB/2='KOT3P?T'V@A^)?)3CP:Z+QC?Z1-TE"BS]-K5Y7E=J(>L/]%:1GZQGY1
MD^K;WW\+0*K5_D$KV8'AZ,A&)!,#'DSV/1B*"KXB /#V6Y3?:L66`KE4X)
MDYDUUJY1Y4P'::V.]`>E[T13X0=$N%8D[-3F"OB@3*Y$'M)W=SH#BG67Z[I\
M4A 3`DMTS#VI%
M'=9)=W,ZNIU>ZN_`]I\V7W3220)@/W?RB'?+0>7KLY,;0K+Y_?)G)@Z'Q'3<
MYY= ITQA$,P%@850S@=;$)#0[FE4ORI=E@Z_PT2?7.?BH?!V59QX
MQ)J9B\4,J-GP;GN-6T.1X
MK_QHX.:N.EGCUYV-D_U]'8I\*F>;R5O*V'_GFG\+JH+B'A/$HBDQT+T_WB/Z
M]8;H13%I'$9.% .Q[&4^X>D?, &>#R+>+57@X05-\FOR4_K_`M)@['+V'38J]3BZ9
M_.;R60YYQ_E:L`O__YSI0&V([@.+OA=%>?G[#.RE=G8(E/E=EY4@3WB7-RW'
MU;4MDL8J,+,6!B)NMBHC@R/]48&M4J3K7R5NN->GBA?-G"GB=T^3&8C!3>*PE-'(,O?$9YTQ RS
MK[B7XLOIS/GAQ+1$%0VR@)V[GT*'G@C'$:WEYA0>&@X3ES<48/&V((J`VJZ<
ME>_5KY$KC6/MMBW_M[]O2;:\=R7-9\7\Z-!=$/L8TQ4OC:@:$M&G+;W;:XX5
MT2$" UN4"J5>HE7
M:AQ0@3&=2PT#0;J?4K3(#_:%[ 4-)`:GV&PAB=7&:!ZG$0?L7
M_J66PL[B1HPBYQ$:G*Q9YSPZ1U['OV1J?SC#%9U2.)2OB5L'?9]T+,40Q[Q9
MB+G!KA1M52&\PO'O";3!SPJ.RA"$G*!`%[,-[TLY)R!8)$ID#DL9X.G#!_`@$)+`AF.7?T$
M7F4VV@?5A[J7>)_1WQ__# 2$02Q 4HM(M0HY).FJ6`,!G[G+;?N3(^7M5
M$U)-5E 962!/ UA=Y$RQI\E/'C198)463Y(CJ:;J.NYQT"\C2TR^"4/O7C-F(8UD
MWTG=Q^\W`=1&KN_1KHN5WL"DE^^LWK?B]M>7G.SA)%W4W`I1&EF.1!LK['M+
MUS#-H3)+=FP*379=F"0W-O$-EGLE;E>8MCZ@>1*7$FK*)$S2\ ?K/('5?+K)VLC8;H^QZY\V0
M2O2LL'`]$?J=JF.7-T/QS;3+R MN&:GW
M#R$A[-B/ZJBX(DS=E?>5X$BD_CWLI5X(!V@)&+T$O$3!;Z/P$8+=C3OG*T(R
MN*RZ$D"O7':MCD=OHE[]B)KC`XPQL0MJC)M!07W+H:CQ72YE:;HD-,0KN^>E
MD^2J&%Y)2+_D( *F");KK2S7P4%)%Z(1
M9'K9N,/V0R_,+N_:U6N3)"F+]I-EAD?[_?:,2A7%>'[ZWHUH_G7R7R>94_.O
MVC%+G#&,+JI((?N?![=7UY_%[8%VQKE0I-XI8U!LIJYJ[5R6(&J1.'GS`7?I
M8]A)]]G?QGP@5YAX" W6CH3,BUX`@P>+6W@?DS0G,N7E=BV85
M@6:/JH8T1QGQ36>PTA[5'/D$(:TR8J=V%R8' RLY%41GJ
MBX^\S9&]XA+<4FNH[IDN[NU,@^QHQ/@QK?='IAR_\_-9N]NC\>VIXM9R37!!
M4R2]L\Z3X:4`SH@.O\\47QAZF8QD/135QGHMWM48I&.??V&HECAI:[;RW^28
M55@,600\I.7$/$-IT9B6S)>LO\@*^BP:RJ$+FP2*NH5E.D(N(U]_X3,XP*+!
M:E=O!9'&V]D-EV%JAS0+K"Y#LDT@4V@>)?0_-.?X_E(87*':[?J]@_],=*8]
M6H0.0?NIXE-!-];&J9ZO_?BE,BZNSFK_\M/ZP/ZMH,`6%\[&UR=B'V56QSG5
M@\E8RM! ^07R;&\TM'"0K
MA_"[VA"M:7%RQ%$KG4=#]YTK,%@SOS9"\2[MG1&'T 0>#4QN;]M[1
MK`6>LWE();D'Z8J=\/:)EU3U9$+(GPDZ;W$@X,G"0``U+X\I4W*1R:"U4&IJ
MTM47/MY]O/.X'(^ TMOOBYU/M$V24)&7"VF':*=T=!1]P1_$./IVZ^&?L",L"G2.Q=(T%%+,$4^WV]N1SJ(K7',0)ITAXQ1%4
MPJ1+(.EOKX\5WU.P,P4\()&+*[R&&Y5[_B+EC"E+FI"49_?)?,/Q#15C>N>&
M4B5)5%>.^)ZBGVDH+WC?'^Q%M-[L->_G(148T6QV^^KFYNI7,21LRV[9ZR+E
M$Q@B.+5[1=6+XD>J=5DT(NSEDI%[B'.0(G01/DO!,,)@N50]@JORZ0`SI$*+
ME,&DL@1N]5*,DN"H[A^YGV)MKLF6CEX&TM()G)Z`4;8=173=Z3$O>YA$0,GN,MG-=B84\ SS9B)$#]4EI+B.?6K KUG_!6"G*?KJQ6W^X1YOQ474#@3W=,45=8&0^M[%_HY6AJ/
MA5,I\RNI'6[Y7R\0#DLM4`#"'EJB')?.THJ\@[/K?.TD"<7)WNS#";8@/TJ^
M4L'KFJMV8"/,;%OP,@+%(4DXWGN`)0)6-*&RBRNLO32/@F'4J8DXVBD1BA\H
M3I1$WI-T>HG>FD;G*FOC)R]&K0B#7VN5M[D87'\94R=;4Q6GV3?Z!':F,T5%
MJ&38BC?=./U#"JBFZND`."HE(*;P:9(,(P4:9#_JWLXV&:K.4VXWMB-"X@"J
MEDCEC<1JV;JJ[,"/I ]JA:@>TJ,M[]5A==1\-[ RP"N.'H\66. ;[(=J_:D1S?)R030=!HKCC?%YL+UR).R%4T(0TM
MT".VO7=&1;?33)1!R;Q/TNK5(/0TI+"+%G&6`./H_*K]ZP&3?W#'2ZHJ
MWKTG[(!N>X Q9Z%AXYD)@8C*]CP]=$4^#/IP*I(
M0Y= @&U:N"'"/JSYAI"8&/
M/U"^/))O#EEI@D64Z>.:4QC*4\SD%=)[8R>8,Z+7]%VVQ_RL$F4]Q4R,L\]&
MD"Z%Z"A'*$*)87.",BMU1$J_[`SEE#Q;$*^O0=.)YMK6>VQA?T9]OFSJ($4`
M4-P7T]-T48!K^:M4>0;YQ-MQG5\^^1%)/'2X,_.-::B8+)M?B%XEQ?#`KTC5
M^3H$1;O5:=1;CAHKP'\=+^RY=+YBI_E,5-?P%L892>1V)3A1G:L(/_',D8"0
M:73N](]RU7L6C9XNF_HRCW&BJ&5W KPLI"!]/JC1%SLLINZM?KN]YZ'H!YU"]T`!-=JV9
MH8;4_KWEF-7!3VS43J`G*5/;\:G>)**4(UH$M1^^)`%/G=6I/^K %@Z:YZ&N."=JW&RXP.32QJ
MAEV^;#>5[`?YD^Z\3NX.K2E`1H?LR?1?1&WU"T^@XK0N>A\1`C45]0>, 1I;N2"][866R$8'P.7M=9.&+')82**'T R QUZ7M@RN01\Z[NF?QY$6[2I5V>C)X#:@8*+)+HH$QH:EXB20)A?S)
M(#@6PMI]8M3HF#MQKQ",'PB1R=*BX]JM$X_ZK(5I./1`1N%@7$DX+YM@[!9&
MH+CI-[< C$++MO!(DF1FR\-:'Q^-YR<
M^>QZG0SO8K2;ZAPAREK &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULG%=1CYM(#'ZO=/\!\5Y@($`2
M):D:5GM7J96JZJY])C!)T`*#&++9_??G&;.$& *8USUBY-HGEF`8M$Y9FY6%M_O?OX^>Y:?`F+M,X9R5=FZ^4FU\V?WU:G5G]
MQ(^4-@98*/G:/#9-M;1MGAQI$7.+5;0$R9[51=S`8WVP>573.)5*16Z[CA/8
M19R5)EI8UA^QP?;[+*$/+#D5M&S02$WSN`'^_)A5_,U:D7S$7!'73Z?JIXEX/?+V06)V^VY`?)$E->-LWUA@SD:B0Y\7
M]L(&2YM5FH$'(NQ&3?=K\RM91BXQ[ @;`^T'V4&?M9&2O?Q*6]^L?,_-#L(13
M"`@EE)$\2):>K>MRA=YB
M"CVAI-'3>M`6(4C/=7SW (XA[&:XM
M!:T/-*)YSHV$G<3.Y*^^"6+.'C'O8P[3P2>Z+\,NP$L*95\8'^B.M#
M5G(CIWLPZ5@AM)H:%SU\:%@EMXD=:V!!DS^/L)!36!L&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T &ULE%G;CMLV$'TOT'\0]!Y+O.AB8[U!I"!M@`8H
MBEZ>M;*\%F)9AJ3-)G_?(8>6R-':L5XV,>=P>#@S/*3(A_??FZ/WK>KZNCUM
M?;8*?:\ZE>VN/CUO_7_^_O0N];U^*$Z[XMB>JJW_H^K]]X^__O+PVG9?^T-5
M#1YX./5;_S`,YTT0].6A:HI^U9ZK$UCV;=<4`_SLGH/^W%7%3G=JC@$/PSAH
MBOKDHX=-=X^/=K^OR^IC6[XTU6E`)UUU+`;@WQ_J '70TS4&'WNFJ_]3^P32Z%'SP^Z`#]6U>OO?5_KS^TK[]U]>Z/
M^E1!M"%/*@-/;?M503_O5!-T#F:]/^D,_-EYNVI?O!R'O]K7WZOZ^3!`NB.8
MD9K89O?C8]67$%%PL^*1\E2V1R``?[VF5J4!$2F^ZW]?Z]UPV/HB7D5)*!C`
MO:>J'S[5RJ7OE2_]T#;_(8@95^B$&R-#
MU[YZ4#4P9G\N5`VR#7A^>T8P%87]H,"Z"Y#M(0W?'GG\$'R#R)4&DB$$"G^"
MN(C\#40Z0@*@-7*#&=O<5-0%Y.XV1]6),,>Y:U(=V]
MVA68T)IJ`VDAQ-!B@IAS-&,8(SX%V>&T7L))@0FG*0/("2&&TWH](^78X[55
M<0XM!DIS?ZPTVEW]@N0H,QAK^=LM[N#+9!DEU5$`JGD,,1@6SOE4(#IJ^76[
M2TQ)Y=T5Q%!8'6*3UF.Z#,;D*PD9$ +5+QS\],K&Y
MTDLBY9G!8,')E,P@=\QI-)E=>HNTGLW%7D[S-I%##-(2\Y1>,SNT^"*IUVAW
M#[+V$*1E,$@KC:=P8#J-&4N1\6MK@"_:!32:\"*"E1F,60-)FI)XY@00AE,=
MN"%;M`]PW`=` [@BY2>SY5>3CIM\H68BS9$Q)X;'V@7
M8/!:$2<
M;DZY8VD;T`&\P)F94;//_R[`C=HB81 ?'P011];IS25'Q/\^.1/S
M38#F+C,8)"G?V+4)X.JN+ X8;(>MJ"WOI%C=.1/9O:YE`
MX894CA4V.SH8C#WX1>[5K:Y]I2B(PJL(P`[ULTM%W )80Q-B#8XNYG)XBA43P30:?+)JJ>Z[R
MZGCLO;)]4>\M'&YHQU9\"\K8)N-*ADA[#F]$NCT8#?!$ JR]%]UR?>N]8
M[-^VP^6'$ISQ>>_Q
M?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!,```!X;"]T:&5M
M92]T:&5M93$N>&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V'UC1"SF67"72(6=L#/F-^-"0/E(<8E@HFVE[5_+S*UM4*WDP7,;5B
M;6%=W_S2=>F"\73-\!3!*&=:Z]=;5W9R^@;`U#*NU^MU>[6 6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:3Y?0VJ']?DH]ATPXVRV%
M;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-D9HG9()]B.(NCD:"8LT`
M;Q) __/QY.1`R:"'1
MBR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SBB!4-?A.KL$S(P5SX15Q/
M*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H.BVC>1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2
MAAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q-T/T._@!QRO=?9<2Q]VG%X([-'!$6@2(GIF)
M$E]>)]R)W\&<33`Q509*NE.I(QK_7=EF%.JVY?"N;+>];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[
M#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0WEM?H5?E\L77Y44IABJM&Q+;:YO..UK9>$\H
M8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P<7""P68,$5Q]1%0Y"G$#?
M7O,TD4"FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^RIXV&_H<8BN'Q&J/C^WPNA[.CALY&2-5
M8,ZT&:-U3>"LS-:OI$1!M]=A5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#+5=9F]B (K5"MQ:FNP;\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[4Y/99/G"FZU,,3V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*E%2CLTFQO@'!\*])`79T
M74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,'].E1!GS&5 LY
M;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\N>]I!HT"W>04\\VI9/G>
M:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O] 2!=(.SB"QLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K"^XT\WYGC"VENPL
M_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&,<8[Z4%3]F\=%]0.
M?#:8,25-,,&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`
M;5O]-3`#``"7"0``&0```'AL+W=O ';C.>LV:?HU\^[JSGRI")-3BK>T!0]
M48FNUQ\_K(Y %"RCMSP[U+11ED30BBC0+TO6RHZMSBZAJXFX
M/[17&:];H-BQBJDG0XJ\.EM^V3= 3_B& "2%\H'NL`*
M?9GS(E@$P+1>Y0PRT+9[@A8INL'++<8H6*^,0;\9/ 6:[*%$UC/TK"*0:XMZ-2W3%-B;SL
M(!6O_UB0R:@GF9Q(X'HBP9$_FT3)_#TLTQ,+7#L6[,^C:!;/D[-:`IN7L>F6
M*+)>"7[TH/=`N6R)[F2\!.;.'YM-[]B_#`.G-,F-9DD1;!KP0D*5']9)&*V"
M!ZA,=L)L+`9^>TP48Q>S[3"ZI""P5PG.#56^7KU.C`9K,;J:6MW&!H9O3L)X
M].;7,$F/<<2`39>+T>`4`7N?=1+.>UZKSV)FO>#M(."\>>:^61=K"EOB;3OT
M(L`Y"A8C!18S4#`(.`J@T2[/78/=W./).'>+@=
MB&7G2N,RQFH&`0!7C3V8.)6?V,Q`P5=0!\ST^=][*C!L"V&AKR]
M10QZK&,ZTG$"#82Q@]Z]F%(H(_V ]9(KZ(%
M+`U]/7N$':SV1O'6C)4=5S`0S=\2/H`HG,2A#^""&ULG%3;CILP%'ROU'^P_+X8$G+9"++:*$J[4BM552_/CC'!
M"L;(=B[[]SVV$S:WMM&^!!SFS)R9 .?
M/Q8/8XR,I4U!:]7P'+]R@Y^F'S]D.Z77IN+SA460K&YXIM)&]L(-&\IA;Z
M-Y5HS9%-LGOH)-7K3?O`E&R!8BEJ85\]*4:235Y6C=)T68/O?9)2=N3VARMZ
M*9A61I4V`CH2&KWV_$@>"3!-LT*``QB!)AE':&XS&=["0T)$W.*>63C.M=@B6
M!C1-2]T*)A-@ONT(K#CLLP/[$FC6P!2VTU&<9&0+T;$#9G:->4,0$.V40>U4
MV67:A\G\NP-7=-Y!;W31P`U(ASAKH/^>!EP1-(I1%T&:]CM^'],L8%*_4J>.
MTVO!]*];=,S483'6"H[AW(1@PX[$?B=O![OF98="Z3/S_^J[H4O_217];P:>7PQL01P`NE;+'@_MJ=!_SZ1\```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0"(P)6Y*P,``$8)```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T KH&0*$E5J+I;:5=:K?;R[(`)5@$CVVG:
MO]\9G-"8-&GW)\7S7T%9I$D%KHD"_
MK%@GCVQ-_A&ZAHC'73?)>=,!Q8;53+WTI+;5Y(N'; +FC,@='@<8)(F3*>0T"X-=J&+8&.$*>^_\]*U2ULL/8B69>
MZ`/ @:.%-V!'O07P#S,3.M8\CU4JJ0(Y+9R (7#;/2F>+_/F&C,T6#2R-;L'.T<=9FUQ
MYF$F9U$M08\S_;9OJ-C2C-:UM'*^PU'E0X\.=_4837&,XMGN$(`IUI$M_4[$
MEK72JFD)6SUG!L^7T'-0+Q3O^I?MABN87_UE!=\K%'+P'`"7G*OC`@\8OH#6
M_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!.U7_@>!```J`\``!D```!X;"]W;W)K
M &ULE%==;ZLX$'U?:?\#XKT!`R$D2G)U0]7=*^U*
MJ]5^/!-P$E3`").F_?'A+7X7W6%%G%&KISWRAWO^U__FE[8]TSOU#:.^"AX3OW
MTO?MQO-X?J%UQA>LI0U83JRKLQX>N[/'VXYFA=Q45U[@^[%79V7CHH=--\4'
M.YW*G#ZR_%K3ID ^+O..<7;J%^#.0Z+W.:^]M0>>]MNBA`Q$
MV9V.GG;N=[))@\#U]EM9H']*>N/:;X=?V.V7KBQ^*QL*U88^B0XFCW$C(2B6V*MT?* _.`&(B22GAWAI#7&*YB6:B;\:F 3`-O#_%%_;!]BM&'6%HS(!.1B>CDDVJQ':"5\4)BQ>ACFT8(02WZ_[I)$
MF[0B8I=$@49YH>JB>9R7$,+)TT-0-DW%L][O@P)IO=)7S&8),9P>':7S:]4C
M"-*C:RMF]%F22U`^]=PC_ZXG"$(=62>)59M4.4%[LM*^%B:S69(L#BCV2WVG
MR0JDIL7BG0Y6<3C2/\ADEA!+M#VWEJ@=%$AI;;*V-3&U`*OP@ZW);98:DRER
MK$#Z]!@:/,9DE@:3*2*L0%@EXH>A^>%(E1W[N?XX=9@5FJ7#9(H0*Y!>H3$I
M#F9)L43;LV.?:10(LT[NON*&>:PHP2PIEFB3EBZFZGBI:RW1#@_2G"H?LF9&
M?^`J,T/_)-JD #2L
MXH7L0#8'>1^SUE-Q41.'7F\PP#VISK5X4T+'WK6
MRM/\D?5P0Y(_+W`CIG!L]Q_\?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M"````"$`T5*S0;H"``!6!P``&0```'AL+W=O RZ"RI%!Q1;WG#S[$@Q$G1Q5[52D6T#>3_%4T*/W.[E!;W@5$DM2Q,`
M7>B%OLQY'LY#8%HM"PX9V+(CQ +S0R'JZ6KST_.]GKPC'0M]Y\4+[[P
MED&QP29KP%;*!PN]*^P2!( ?&:]J`VZGD)#-:U$\
MWS!-H:!`$R2I9:*R`0'PBP2WG0$%(4_N?\\+4^=XD@7I+)K$`$=;ILTMMY08
MT9TV4OSRH/A`Y4F2`\D$U!_VDR"Y3.,T>YTE](I(S8
M'!'6"I#7:X3,3S5.P,/SU3]*LD%C2 ,Q
M`P6#A9&"V7L4V*#3&IP:XS$#!7[!.W7&"S_?_/473%5LPYI&(RIW=G;%8'"_
MZL?J&L:J&T)AOP%CK2,5NR>JXJULA-`IF4'[E!Z-_,;)SMV\K#0PT]UC#
M]XM!!T[AG'NO
M<58WSTUM/&'&"6W7IFLYIH';C.:D+=?FKY]W5]>FP05J U$2\*%+3:++XOFPI0_L:?#^[2Y3UW.KF@KXA&:.YS($R?9%]IUJP'=FY+A`AUK\H,>OF)25@&[[8$CZBO.7!/,,"@HTEN=+
MIHS6(`"^C8;(R8""H&?U>R2YJ-;F(K#\T%FX`#?VF(L[(BE-(SMP09L_&N2>
MJ#2)=R*!C!.)ZUG>M>_ZP?]9;*U(&4R00)L5HTR3LD1]"-@;EWIG4,
M7O]E%3Q*DEO)HKC`!8?V/&V":+FRGZ"FV0FSU1C8$0/&G2)V/4(64-(F/6T?
M2$O]Z47*\%3L7XX%WN)\69B7T%<3R'))22(_"DF?0T3#)B)
MR<74I&S5`D;Y;;,R"7"CJB\7L[IO-6:IIDW6?3)/-`.@I,-"X_HE$FK4VH
MQ#`9010.-5"CL-680,W63/_NC;5$KYV]I:/`1#D,_WB$WE==F317/IN"K SF@:0/R'WC6TXT^9R'014B'8,]*QK*-#$3?,2,3)J;.?/K-FC,4K5AOB/Z
MM7ZW)O-`.@I,Y(93N6]/M`1/98:.,Y1!R]284 )?(;*
MUT+UT:#?G`UF)=[ANN9&1@_RM>\"[Q#5)]+6C>%]!J6PAP4X$3I4XF^(E:3E
M1HT+2'6L$#K*])FB;P3MU.MI3P6JR@J,?P\YT+``7E(K^1CY@^#.Q^0L`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/SV$5:&`@``$`8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE%3+;MLP$+P7Z#\0O$?4PU( NC5!]B9,HQHCW3%6B
M;TK\X_O]U10C8VE?T4[UO,3/W.#;Q?MW\YW2&]-R;A$P]*;$K;7#C!##6BZI
MB=3`>XC42DMJ8:D;8@;-:>639$?2."Z(I*+'@6&F7\.AZEHPOE)L*WEO`XGF
M';50OVG%8`YLDKV&3E*]V0Y73,D!*-:B$_;9DV(DV>RAZ96FZPY\/R43R@[<
M?G%!+P73RJC:1D!'0J&7GF_(#0&FQ;P2X,"U'6E>E_@NF2T+3!9SWY^?@N_,
MT3 U^\1%
MTUJ8=@Z&G*]9];SBAD%#@29*0083^GMO#Q6XI-,*TO,"`F3J!WNLEYWJO:SCP#"M(Q=Y
M-AU]^&XL`V9R(31YBY`#ESCUS4SC)#_3".'"A[,L'J,GG82Y'7?R96 ,(P+52]K!PE\9XER]^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`
MO4_1_(8#``#D"@``&0```'AL+W=O 4\8L8);7:N/YN[#FX*6I+FM'._?;U_LW8=+E!3HHHV>.*,:\1GM,4-K!PIJY&`5W;R>,LP
M*I5377G!?+[T:D0:5S/$["4%:DKE,7\8=30QDZ5!#WDQ^BHN=6+Q/ZFA2, `K'_UW^)E>WS%2?B0-
MAF1#F60!#I0^2.B'4IK`V9MXWZL"?&9.B8_H4HDO]/H>D]-90+4C"$C&%9?/
M&>8%)!1H9D$DF0I:@0#X=6HB.P,2@I[4\TI*<=ZYB^4L6LT7/L"=`^;BGDA*
MURDN7-#ZAP;Y'94F"3H2>'8DP6(6!M%JK5AN>"XZ3WAVGC[\O>$0=@[P_,=/
M03@J4GC>_)2G,Z02GB&!]EM&KPXT,>2`MTB.A!\#29]I+7;(_9]2#SF7)'>2
M17%!5CFTR^,^6FRVWB/4N.@PB8P=KTR7N('(%Q%-`D_QZ%
M=(+^'J4U"N?F!Q.-"55[R\2FMB&S#?G(8&B$%AUKO)UA"=ZY$.Y0\BBTBIYH
MS%(U3;@PA:=Z\9?PS$!;U J(QH=:\#BW1_>K0$KU!
MSL5BLS3A>;]J=\/25*TF I$G?03#-ECU)22!2X@ZLFU[
M$,.V#+R6/0MBV'JG]KMU#*F=VI--=\GQ!B*X9+3HA#\A=B(-=RI\!&GSV0J&
MDNEKBGX1M%4GRX$*N%ZHOV>X36+8>^ Y.C!I3[4M8[ONBNGP[1'AB'E[^%@544+ '!W()X&9`'!F
M*N#MBQ48.CRI/`J"Q Z^H6GU$E0(O585CM68@
M#,:H`NL6\Y)/TWX0G-,SK^*/J%+@I:ISM4:5P1A5<>BNYJ+S:3J*O;.5,U7J
M4S1YT=\>8056JM0J4^.Y-0$S)%X8>$L-LWS@1>ZHT8@PJ]5LGH[PFN2D;855
ML+U:FSZ,P1@U&WWKI?!ZPOV+>`Z;7L>=,0&;=L`U^8YY37MAM:0"2M>.88:X
MV=7F0;)![X,=D[!C],R=.#^AJ,'^G-/P```/__`P!02P,$
M%``&``@````A`*\AWA(R!@``[AD``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULK%E=CZLV$'VOU/^`>+\A0$(V49*K3:QMK]1*5=6/9Y8X"=H0(F`W
M>_]]9["!&>R&I.K+Y>9X/#XN?YH[#KRG.2[]'Q8
MN7_^\?+ER77**C[OXE-^EBOWNRS=K^L??UA>\^*M/$I9.9#A7*[<8U5=%IY7
M)D>9Q>4HO\@SC.SS(HLK^%D 1UX6IV=795@4]^3(]_LT
MD2)/WC-YKE220I[B"OB7Q_12-MFRY)YT65R\O5^^)'EV@12OZ2FMOM=)72=+
M%M\.Y[R(7T]PWY_^)$Z:W/4/(WV6)D5>YOMJ!.D\1=2\Y[DW]R#3>KE+X0Y0
M=J>0^Y7[["]$&+K>>ED+]% \^M/1;K[)3U+4!OV"7?@- SVO(F>!]>':7M*
M@EI1$5?Q>EGD5P?*%&ZRO,18]/X"$C=2*OJMN/^F+8B*29XQR\J%YPMD*Z$@
M/M:A_[3T/F`3$QVS,6-\'K%M(G#',*T@@`=\6]*@^?]`&K,@Z6:Y30-T=Q'T
MQS11!`,80]I8RM%=FHQX&0PTR]>9\Y8V*B>H'HQ9G:R""(HP-;.S];#`8
MJ@'NK-O,8-RCHX(BV"`2U-_/-JB5BR*,(53^_0PQN&;8Y-THA*IC(((B;.WH
MD;4QF*^MD(CKU2^H8/!G(Y"J!0&(BC"UL8W9,\-POEL!-(]
M:`B8B/-22,2J/`AY66W;H%8FBC"J DIU46U4C&(\T4C)?MZ6RQ?V2XX0)-ZHR$JEPD)!G$"
MZ).$0/V:\2>C[HUW_ZM&62YCIZ">8M.^8FU4 4RCD`2+*A9DXVIBCMOJW
M=6Y8%6RSU2N(9EPOT42!8[518=!%RI-"`14(@3`)J4`-:8'TWK7FQ`,YS9(Z,@]EQJ"`BTKFYZ?Z"C
MX-)&A6'W/%9
M6"];6)VA;H+9`A]BN"UC9`XC9,8&1B&8%3\6>KSKB\)7X#BUOC
M<5LL\']%PZ)[F',A_7KYA"G=>K'U5^@2X>\J$@Y_Q_@MLL_S
MJOD!A+SV+S7K?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`'.NM)H6"P``+#,``!D`
M``!X;"]W;W)K &ULK)M;24\/%YF+`&,,^,\1)J`&9C`3ZV_Y&Y)EMKF
M_L]?IV/E9WRY'I+S0]6J-:J5^+Q/G@[GEX?J)G+_N*M6KK?=^6EW3,[Q0_5W
M?*W^^?CO?]U_)) ;F].O7[=O\:GW;66O,5G*'E.+J?=
M#;Y>7NK7MTN\>THKG8[U9J/1J9]VAW-5*CB7SV@DS\^'?3Q,]N^G^'R3(I?X
MN+M!_Z^OA[ G-Y#X?C@>;K]3T6KEM' ]1.OS#YTV%_2:[)\ZT& IP[:'N*/:^YSY?J:?'B7PY-_.,?@;8B3B,#W)/DA3"=/`D'E
M.JOMIA$(+I6G^'GW?KR%R< WVHVIU:N]NP+3"O?(^O-_?,C:_%Q56S5JP8>LJM5JI%XK
M:[.+%>JMBM8<5/!LU"7XD/2N3K#H>Q+3TN/BB5YN= 7Y*/"BPP('!]VXGERG*:$`>8F6)A@:8+`!"L3A"98FR`RP<8$VQRH0XBS.$-H_Q]Q%C(BSABA/@(*
M?-,(*EI@E:$)1B9P3>"98&R"B0FF)IB9P#?!W`0+$RQ-$)A@98+0!&L31";8
MF&";`UI08?%C06W!HEM\"\.Y*FK!S4J;JUT]:'UITTGOH.E4'#`R9&3$B,N(
MQ\B8D0DC4T9FC/B,S!E9,+)D)&!DQ4C(R)J1B)$-(]L\T4+;,D);'E)A#2LX
MC)/(R,&9DP,F5DQHC/R)R1!2-+
M1@)&5HR$C*P9B1C9,++-$RW,,%FU&5P>9F&=AAF#TY :FKB/'I[/>Q_]!.8;'`?+%AM;3B\
MR".-$-'CJD@KV_T.%)'I@?3$(HG=3PRXC$R9F3"R)21
M&2,^(W-&%I+`T19[N%2$KC+(:HF3'EREK5_E*BM'C9"1-2,1(QM&MI+(WFDQ
MA_2#%O."V$)&!8,KK/7@2F+;V64/%*%P#R5IP=T\MU@;A]A19H37[BI"_O,4
MZ6:-C;-:>6GC*#7)C%!ZRJ1G3-K/:N6ECVG#(
M*C-"Z9!)KQ4AAT19K;RTX9!-9H32V[RT-CXLR+)\88"DYOH(42@_1!"12X:(
M*-HCCEQ$G6P$>(A(:XQ(K%M97J5E3+8)6:$7IHA(?H:(Y'U$NKQQ%)R3% (R!,KCD)$I+5&1%H1(KVK
MAB -W=7:AMGUCE9H:<77'Z)5A3(`!%U=<51
MR+76"N4N.T)$6AN.MIJ6/@)$XB8_`O[+/4+F>6!$X37W+8G$,QZZA;>-+=(`
MK>3#0?GH(ZN(6B.R(BVK:ZQY+EI1)SQ$)#]&E.^7U39F]@2MX*Z6]9ZU.$4K
M:G&&B%KT$96V.$>KTA87:$4M+A%1BP$BRF*O%&HUY#.J=@/^Z8MEB+5(>XV(
MM"-$I5>S02LK; B`>>4/%
M)AU\A@K!G9*&7F95,A! /R8[0B^0E9E BZ1\JJF] 8.]F/KRJ:8AHG1PC@GE+6OSH('O?+&UQBEK4
MX@P1M>@C*FUQCE:E+2[0BEI@^$P+3_5IC+ZT4*A_"-.CH8 \AUG^5[G*;Z\Q(/X
M>+Q6]LF[>'\Y/>QF6+Y L.PY(D'%"X*>(W)2O"#L.2(SQ0O6/4?DIWA!U'/@*58!MQJ.>)Y1
M5&)!29''(03N0,X22HCK3GB-2A;S*K.>(A"$O
M\'L./&$LX'"5X@%348D%)457"4EI*"GJ,60FH:2H_>&=`T^Z>2O!G0//F#GO
M]YQ^H="@YPP*"X8]1V1GN93; 7E\/Y6CG&S[`6--+%_R)_[2"_W-1>Y7MR@U\II-N6
M5_A52@SO7S?$AN8Y26[X!9JN9[]S>?P+``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#8
M;B?0$P```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T 4^A"00&@2,NK%F=Z0=:;7:CW,ZA"8:("A)3\_\^ZVR':?*=@-9
M[668?BY7GI_+CR)>??Q^.HZ^%7535N=U$(TGP:@XY]6N/+^L@[_^_/3A(1@U
M;7;>9 B:$>0X=RL@T/;7I9AV.2'XI0UX^I2
MG&%D7]6GK(4_ZY>PN=1%MI.33L B4+S^_G*LZ
M>S["NK]'TRSO "U`;]@EWX+FJOF+HYQU",#ET
M9G^2._![/=H5^^SUV/Y1O?U:E"^'%K9[!BO"A2UW/T31Y*`HI!G',\R45T?;^6N/:R#)!W/YI,D@O#1!3)XEFX_AA%LU2S')E9J)GPJ>>&8_GT621S*_/F^IY\#F8=J@DD(J*
MK,TVJ[IZ&T&9PB*;2X9%'RTA<2>EHF_$?4];$!63/&*6=0#G"V1KH""^;9+9
MPRK\!IN8ZY@G-R;B$=LN`GC4'2ZRQP&F>AD#0UIV]K$+0/JX2$'H0/4F>)*4;&<&P9R9
M0J@^#B(HPIX=P2'_+P+)>9R'AJA$/80:624DNE$NTM0O4H3>2G;RNDHRVJ*G
MS)GJI*,()!C$E4+K)`3PN-U32FA(UHYIB"FEH@"27T9&`_V]HD>Y4C,3Q8FB
MG1*B-Y12Y@N4NH/\%%$_5I[M0H)!G`"Z)2%PMU+*91D5;;SDV$4&0J7Z:M%*
MZ5&N5/J.4FBMA.@-I901,WK4F[52#B2PU8,*4&7&E4+/)`10J>0!F\"A+AXI
M]V7DC"%3#YH;*31?$]7MO]"YX`L`(,X7?9;PO2&8 &B&MO74@PB!-`,[U[
MOV)EO8R`@G@-S:U. W3MH_J]3(3G0)#2[U?+V7`;`^I)RN3BAU(
M,(CKA?Y)"&"!29.ZL7/*=AD3!='N*3:0KQ?O1ZFLC7D_>C5*N^RV)[F@RR
M 3+(X66T
MI97K\#J*:46CN%;HI:2PI593^J N+:N(2++UH4$@S@!CZT_+.0OF!MFY1I[8ER\^T+;]A!*U9>+
MELI,H%+US3QG.LC8$]?8-<2D ^C.A4%
M@SBG00X.=R1V&Z4A*HH+X>6*M`MU32+?C*O+$O5J_U34+\6V.!Z;45Z]XD4(
M.-MF96!U2_.4S)9X9F%9SL@<1N;>D06,+'PCTPE\PW`L^!'TJ^D1A&Y#LA^SDQ,(#?$;XY4QB1/W?L.1$\!]ZL>>9$D`W>)/E&
M0&MX^D0<8D5 X^WOTKA,I^S*A,#XC
M-I'=4JUN)=4?;74!YX&;Q:J%VT3YWP/&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T 7IPW6C &565"ZW$-:/
MV'8Y'3F.6O):U:;J2FEZP%_YMS<6VDM3)_Q%R9U2^OUT\Y*Z]@XKFX%.U'
M9]1URCS\ L^D3`E*]?;;;H`_5706Z/\[S1G=ONE+@Y?BXI"M"%/F(%GQEY0
M],L!(5#V+.VTR\#OM7.@Q^SUTO[!;K_2XG1N(=US8(3$PL-'3)L7L`@[`7Z +R7SI3PF(.\^T:=,"3;I._MJTK/R;
M"Q%ABAL)A!%XCABYHS@5BO`4BD$P61)_/5W"ZG<49T(1GD)Q-GA]1P^L=G3A
M*?0(.'U'82$4X/F0AQZ/;Y>N.&NSW:9F-P=Z`"+87#/L*!*",9DGOG2?N>\E
M#C*&1I[0RM:%YH60Q$)2%=%80!,^S@*%.Q9R[8@C:I0M)+:0Q$)2%='\@S95_ 4[?&^?RBL^\<1(Z1S(Z2]4!]2"TDL)%41S>7UC[B,PKK+'%%#
M:B&QA206DJJ(YA^!P\3C,>VD=0\%I&T*@;\RHBJDIK-^]XXE!)VE5/A"5TP&
M*9F/5$(+M*63P0&D%`B?GQ,\)K3G(G^)&*P$,B.%,X4Y*:8G&C$X JF!$(=F(X1P&BF$1AR'$UCO.9]=L(E+TQ%NZ$`F\+MC
M0.`3L]RE`#^K\3G?ZPP\R'QM\A!2I+.\FAL93Z7ASAD]2SBQ'B?%YYM&2D!\
M:2!E%,V>D5*HL445G@-/J<09\MFD,.#2D
MQ:B2/1$"@[NQA(8#0R(A'HBY14`8&4D!CK/'"?#AIQ$04)\"(_U[O%Y@X:DI
MZ'6&%/12F(+`R&,JC)"1#.`,4PC\NT[G@U#CQ:$A,4;9[XD04!,CH&%O2Z04
M]B:4EMXZJ7P[TN\X^OXS+3X_-5H"@HU&V9JLG'$I+6O.+(7'=?%#D[O.[-K^\E;0^T3V]7!HG9Z]XCP:^NTT/\TM^1%;REF^^F85P_H6F
M,/%Y".?.$7P1PAEN!%^&.KCC/
M\&F+PA79G\!^=F2LE3]P@?YCV>X?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`D0AA
MTU80``#-5@``&0```'AL+W=O W6NOXVR,3>+`]G;;;W]#D10Y?%@[
M2ONFZ?XX')$S(_*1+.G3S[^]/%_]NCT<=_O7VU%V/1Y=;5\W^X?=Z]?;T7]^
MD3\M1E?'T_KU8?V\?]W>CG[?'D F*/+P>;T=/I]/;
MZN;FN'G:OJR/U_NW[2NU/.X/+^L3_?/P]>;X=MBN'[I.+\\W^7@\NWE9[UY'
MQL/J\!X?^\?'W69;[3??7[:O)^/DL'U>GVC\QZ?=V]%Y>]F\Q]W+^O#M^]M/
MF_W+&[GXLGO>G7[OG(ZN7C:KYNOK_K#^\DSS_BV;KC?.=_^RVQSVQ_WC
MZ9K _K%[W5*T*4\Z`U_V^V_:M'G0B#K?0&_99>!?AZN'[>/Z^_/I
MW_L?:KO[^G2B=! 644F8#.G:L,%-C?'&
M9+8KE&I]6M]].NQ_7-'91ZD[OJWUN9RMM#=7(F:X?='\4 &YM9MWQUJ2Z!5$`$$`FD!J*`-$#:D+"ITZ+%:N#\
MU+4UG4D4QV#NBVCNQFA&51<8+;E1V1OU)0!$`)%`:B`*2`.D#0D+!RV``\*A
MK;MPN$GO#]IP>7V(WLB%5@*I@2@@
M#9#6D*R3)2PD-*`_'Q+MA(?$DB`DELSZ(%6&S,/S*BNB-47T1GU(K*-N*EU&
M:G"M^EYAM"/736_D7+>A:Q8EK9UQ0QU8.-H)CY(E090L"0K'$(I2M_^.LVE4
M,WV[FX6T/H(`@5?5][)>)]QKT[+D(4GHSAYMS8-@21`$
M()4A4QI#?_;DBS$?L^B-W)@ED!J(`M(`:0W)YKIVV=RUN&*3URN*EM.THIR/
M0]>3!\*B.?D,9@ER2A^2=F(O/2K7<=*?6P*1M"C/>ZO:HL"7PHX-HI;YXA'1
MNBL^58JL.U4N1,0H-MIG7?[N,X,*VLB#B.0\[Z6UROWT*XOTG[YC5D3;L;!6
MDZ4YMXHB\BR=FR[Q9JVQ*#B8 >%IM3!E4T)_^)*/["'PP96:L6%%9Y#,OK)4MJNDR@YJR?7R^:O2L'/*>&^ZY
M`,^MZY,H*2TD(5K%P&U?WYN)MCR'6*6-HPHIK550#I5%4U\.PJ)Y9D['>;0K
M2G B%IMAV"XL5U:;^LS>9P:QY2H;PTYHK7PP
M*M_1GXG&RE;69#[/($+6CQ]`[?QXU\JAL+2XZUFVB(;8NDZ)VM):,PS2AZY%
M2))`;5G$:FL176F4MB.K+=.1U99!5%OA&0ZGICUBJ,ZR612*&H^H+`J.V%@4
M'1%J[\(1>3EJY?KG(VWUKR^2^\P@5J7Q)5WIC'PE519-PLTX(4Z,]ZF^\/SU
M;I)/\ F&93=XAP&F+CA<3BV:4>[_%+Z,%M$Q;^06`CT\KRKA:WC,;IB-I!86@&116K;4*4(5(()*(:D0*48.H
M98C/68NK,"<7JM9H,98(@V8T]:!08D63]U9N>ZX0"40248U((6H0M0SQ,,1Z
M[T(84-CIZ_YHP4)4(1*()*(:D4+4(&H9XG/6&F9`ZHWD8:DWJ*!3T:"X0+ )K$T.)^'SCR:A)4(?1[BD\+V"?/@W/AY"6]E\A!MV-)U2>0A5@\7
MIH"2@>2R7J)]'J(B*)V!'V_E4)@'Z\9>=L,],- ;*^'(7-XE;`*Y3(ENQ)HAG\[Z+FPEJ!8L"35@BJA`)1!)1C4@A:A"U
M#+&]:#),*W3FT?IA5,",3IY^@\R7\6)N.Y*5SVK?T2&!5A)1C4@A:A"U#/$P
MQ+KCPAID1$&X)>N?@2.9B*A")!!)1#4BA:A!U#+$YQS+$'T:3!;=#UT#GRJB
M7YM@Y3(HNGJ`#;*W T86`E$$E&-2"%J$+4,L3F3#.&R2)=%WOVG,Z$7E!'XMG/96K@0J1`*11%0C4H@:1"U#/$+#1.441:5%
MK"I`9U9H)1!)1#4BA:A!U#+$YQR+R@MG`@I'_428%M+A]<1D'-U.*+V53WW?
MT2&!5A)1C4@A:A"U#/$P#!..=-\0]@E0B:6U"JJA0B00240U(H6H0=0RQ.9<
M_&7"L?/$%9-%T3;A?^\QSZ9[*UE0[0L]CM%/HNN
M,RMG14M$;S4)GL[A0]9Z[/U:5S_*&(\3%%UIK8+,58@$(HFH1J00-8A:AOB<
M4R)/9_5"CE#0Z6?']/H=YLBB"SFR5CQ'_EXG'^\PQ56@XK(H2$B)J$(D$$E$
M-2*%J$'4,L3GG%)+54&7`>:?-HU3>(
MY0A050`2B"2B&I%"U"!J&>)SUB(DG//[ESO=,YJ^0>Q4LHBFW"]DB>7.6M&?
MWFHR]HLB'_(PK5*@5K&(I0GD2X56`I%$5"-2B!I$+4-LSC34#Z:IZ\G39%&8
M)H?.I\E9\33YNV%\R,/$@WYM+2HGB^BH3AV5B"I$`I%$5"-2B!I$+4-\SK%X
M.+\;Z6N&>,X&1;HQONMD.Y*5BTR%2""2B&I$"EJ&6(AV&8(-&3C 2,UMZ`M%8&1$>#=A9I5%L-TY=.$$34F2
MX&%C/N)ADF2&DL2B("4EH@J10"01U8@4H@91RQ"?L]8#<9;>]>0?K990I%9<
MA&FRZ$*:K!5;1[,_>%AQ1K[8D"^4DS:/UGN#6)H`5=UQV(.N`I%$5"-2B!I$
M+4,\35H/Q&FR/_5=F+[N&4W?(+;=6411Z/4&JA+]R"GY8D^>TK BN7\&H.2""2B&I$"EJ&6(AVB8W*2/
MPW?4Q ABU>J.&@A;W2]E&JAF9)$3[3,QW2<
M+HRQM[G^/F#WP#*TY-32/?0:MQ0T-KK7GSA.06.C.\RI%AH;I2?1,J,1T'VT
M5`N-@&XMI5HH J1,N4^M!S:JD6FBD]NI5J(6_T@%.JA6J4GNM)M5!^Z.F75`O5
M*#WUD6B94!]ZUCK50GWH\>-4"\6:'M)-M5"LZ=G45`O%FI[@3+1,*=;TY&*J
MA1I27)=ABF=T#'HI-N$IIVB:=PWBNLDIFO0N7JH/'8;>6,,6^M+-2G_:!EOH
MNS4K_:$:;+G/QRO]NBRVT`MH*_W&6:IE3BVI.-/'/3\GJX8*+5EG5&9)>PI+
MJL8^3U>?:1%.#&FVHL]Z)3B--#50-5_1!ZX2]HN52)6)6JSHHT\)^^6*/HA$
M_*;/'WU,]&W]=?O/]>'K[O5X];Q]I(U@W+U@?#"?(S7_.-G7OK_L3_054;K%
M0!^BI,_&;ND;D&/]P9''_?[D_J$/T'^(]N[_`@```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@`
M```A`+(!DZ.-`@``9P8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &UL
ME%5=;Z,P$'P_Z?Z#Y??B0$AI44B57M6[2E?I=+J/9\ 01C)6Z*V@ E;S5
M'13T&2R]6GW^M-QI\V`;`$>0H;,%;9SK.OQ2::.XPZ6IF>T-
M\'+8I%J6S&;G3''9T_O"IL0I=(J;
MAVU_)K3JD6(C6^F>!U)*E,COZDX;OFG1]U.< +;UOW4NV\@Z\9AMQ=HR/O*R^8`#Z)DGXRL"#\:7CO9.F:@B9IE":+[")&/-F`=;?2 @XCU78$GV+/C>L\S/HT4VFY]`PD)&@\$;[OAJ:?2.X-"@I.VY'\$X1^*W
M':$5CUU[BHC&JG*WNP5_:U
M]:E )AUPX/^/"SP0L=
MF>D66FUVLLS#4Z"&G"$2:?[[Z?*!N("NI-(^]*$XW+5\2F[
M7JVUN>6:^\E*DHUK8W 91!:_EP9&GDD>)
MFI1GSMAU?2>/TL+6'H+R'A]BOT]CSD1\SGE1:2 I*-MSR^QUT>
ME2_GT]=8Y"=P\9QF:?6NG-I6'@ >N[S-"Z%%/MJ
M!.X<3;2_YJ6S=,#39I6DL`*4W2KY?FUOO8!Y2]O9K)1`_Z;\(HW?ECR*R^]E
MFOQ,"PYJ0YXP`\]"O*#ICP0AF.ST9C^I#/Q96@G?1^>L^DM X-4"1Z$T]+VE2'=?VQ!_-YN[$`W/K
MF 3%M4W8M_&HQ:ZQP$RA6V8`#O!M28/6_P-I](*D
MFW!A`QBKZ#!L+)HIS``(0TBNR7!X1S;JH3'L/:)>1YM0V_CJ0"AQ=CV$F0AA
M`XF]GPT:PVZ`E1G)'%,A0FWD0X(,HPDUVK5&K5PF0AC">;N?(1HKAHW?4".F
M.CV$F0B)[3\2&XUI;(WX-'W3CA2M44.9F0BA,W^$#AI3.AHQI>@AS$1(;/PR
M=JN!"SOAP7*`;B@KC71$FG5$:HU:D4R$$%U2HI^?+S2F=#1BBM1#F(F0V!Y\
MJ$R5/@^NK&GT&O(APO7TN-TM3K1KJ[!Z_LWNN5LVB&($H7:R5!MT;>NG*
M"NX:UR%^Y($FT:L',6)%"6`I-`B@7I,%WE,^N+XT'PM/UU#"I2ZK?DMO5UOY
MENLMH+'U6I^O1M2NEAS#;HW:.H*36B:
M15M?DZ`!N>ZG^EII0IJ`[C'TS3CGY8'O>)9)*Q9G[!^\!=QI6U@W-Z$WA^YF
MCD>N-[)L^I[N"`RH?JB+>R[,4'>[W@CV4*KCZ(V,8415I-[(!$8F@\QF,*):
MH (H._(^H/*2%M#*^AQ2[HSD4GE(WD?JE$B=(/32"HH+F
M3_T\0K//H3-Q\ &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULE%?1LJ(X
M$'W?JOT'BG>%B*!8ZM0`LCM5LU5;6SNSSXA1J0O$(MSKO7^_G31*$AR'>1'I
MG#[D=' U5:;[3A!:LW-IFZMD7KG!V*^K2QO_V;3I:VQ=NL/F0EJ^G&
M_J# *UBV2-+3,6I@_/Q<7?F.K
M\C%T5=:\O%XF.:LN0+$ORJ+]D*2V5>6K+Z>:-=F^!-WO9)[E-V[Y,J"OBKQA
MG!W;*=`Y.-&AYM`)'6#:K@\%*!!AMQIZW-B?R2HE,]O9KF6`OA?TRI7_%C^S
MZQ]- )Q32*;P^2R 0:(A)/!T2#R$
MA$L=DB`$&DC_H5"'[(80XKHZ)GV$(7>,`Z&XQP/J2HW'\S@(L!&'X$XK0Q4]
M@"QT2/QS2(*0I5P)(@,[TY`J!DT/E+BJ9UQ^A=/&!LI[V(D[TV<=(2:0V5\N
MC=%8'25&;23JH.\%@9&NG3H^682!9P0U1;#^?EVLB1:5S1H
M&QVFGTP\L"0#RZZSW%J'NS"RGCX!Z(+$-CZZW@AN^OHF9IPOH@[4[6*ADS14#Z(XVN5^SIX_7B"4#7VS/C:02N!Z)N
MNXX!.RLA@;$YQ!U&%8U>O64WP(B+AV"6&%2!]P@\;%:T.=&8EB6W M=.R[%>\O"5G!00<6L&'?D16<=X;V%.X[TN["Z< X,/._:JZ_1\``/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$%+'C@,!0``3!,``!@```!X;"]W;W)K Y(.])JM3MS3@FF^]]OV642EX&&GLM,DWJN/+\J/SN>?WDK]]ZKJ)M"5@N?#4/?$U4N
MUT6U7?C__?LXF/A>TV;5.MO+2BS\=]'X7Y:__S8_ROJYV0G1>I"A:A;^KFT/
MLR!H\ITHLV8H#Z*"R$;69=;"SWH;-(=:9&L]J-P'/`R3H,R*RL''*S
M*7+Q(/.74E0M)JG%/FN!?[,K#LTI6YG?DZ[,ZN>7PR"7Y0%2/!7[HGW727VO
MS&??MI6LLZ]FW_\CCGZ+8[EHH]PAFI"8V6[\_B"8'12'-D(]4
MIESN@0#\ZY6%:@U0)'O3_Q^+=;M;^%$R'(W#B`'<>Q)-^UBHE+Z7OS2M+'\B
MB)E4F(2;)!&P-W$^Y),1&R6WLP3(2$_P(6NSY;R61P^Z!M[9'#+5@VP&F4\S
M0Q[=7*]-%>:HDGQ5670NF$4#]7E=,A;.@U?0-#>8%6)@2?08BDA/"%4*H-=Q
MA)F['".HX67U3Y34($J)C^G[5A0$PZ".$(VMD^:FP`L?DG=23'F7
M5BNZ0DBBM1RP$KC<1)W<4(KIK14>>.KC7N23@V"%K7H, 5`
M"))B\<3IM)2&PWXT(36FI%2Q;O>Y&D3),5>3%6*0'1^=L2/A*.D%)^S49F8Y
MQ<<=KL`NJ[Y%L840$V.+)WVA=#0ET3Y(*$TII?L$4X- F5`E@MT
M3]0>$%U31]FJU4IWJH-F;+LF8[T;8^$8@K#5!SQQ/3^E@#B9]AE(:S%EL)_G
MB+9,.?;-:S@BR#@8&Y]5T(YS/K[B%LSQ]AOUOJ_&R+MDP<5Z%^">P9^GAD
M[\GJ^/,+^EPP>-[/S^AC6_B`,W8F$`%$D;4YTAHZ+G]GGYW;/>-])QN.",)5
M.';61 S"R;/79,W(+,@
M6>+V7$H!493TU:9R.69_H]W1I6$E=4 .H7_\
M=HUVS).[1FY`J`P+N6,3J8F?+SW^*2/7:)>+T[`K`SK99CAQR*84P*9AWW)4
M)^6_G[9-CJY-;)/WQHQ+SH!.G31R/S!2`N"3L)\DI:CLU:)XHY1HQI2:4ZH5
M1Y"U#W9/U#XXN+81 C6PU0T`/6(R[@V.BN78
M_`VQ+MA[Y-J[^EB%`Y@YP+C'^Y2&N>6\E)CC[3>(7?!TJRBFP8AKNTZ6 MAN"/5A[T)_>3;.$60_^Y@ULK`=^'X1#`&RG;TP^U]W3W8,O_`0``__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`"````"$`VZ`;)7;`@%6,D>TT
M[=_OV$XHE"A-7Q`,Q^?,F1F&U ;7-1L+;*T)_?]U?7
MR%.:M`5I1$LS]$(5NEE__K3:"_FH:DJU!PRMRE"M=9=BK/*: ?I0M4*2;0.^G\.$Y$=N^S"AYRR7
M0HE2^T"'7:)3STN\Q,"T7A4,')BR>Y*6&=J$Z6T8(KQ>V0+]972O!O>>JL7^
MJV3%=]92J#;TR71@*\2C@3X4)@2'\>3TO>W`3^D5M"2[1O\2^V^45;6&=L_`
MD3&6%B]W5.504:#QHYEARD4#"1.8+?!M/THU;X;A_`RNT(Q7]063%6N4UM`3.P!9*NB7L
M'K3H($]8I$+#\K2W-?PL*6R;P(>JED+HXP,HX_[WN_X/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0`^FW!):3@``(Y@`0`8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULK-W;DMLXFJ[A\Q6Q[L'A\[%3RGU%54^T)5$DM=^N8[?+W>7H *`)7I'__[WQ]_??'/]Y^_?/CTVT\O1Z^N
M7KYX_]N[3S]_^.UO/[T\':O_>GCYXLO7M[_]_/;73[^]_^GE?]Y_>?G??_J_
M_^?'?WWZ_/ OCMRT\O?_GZ]?7K_^\NZ7]Q_??GGUZ??WO^EO
M_OKI\\>W7_4_/__M]9??/[]_^_/EH(^_OAY?7=V]_OCVPV\O?0\_?'Y.'Y_^
M^M[]Y//[W[Q\?WOWWUG7Q^_^O;KWK]7W[Y\/N7V-O'=\_I[N/;SW__Q^__
M]>[3Q]_5Q5\^_/KAZW\NG;Y\\?'=#\W??OOT^>U??M7[_O?HYNV[V/?E?Z#[
MCQ_>??[TY=-?O[Y2=Z_]"^5[?GS]^%H]_>G'GS_H';AA?_'Y_5]_>OGGT0_G
MT>/5R]=_^O$R0N[__U)?OO%U]^^?2O^>/R\__/9>PZU"N1+\Y=.GO[NF
MS?7E[?O;J]
MO[H>J?F+O[S_\K7ZX+I\^>+=/[Y\_?3Q__E&H]"5[^0Z=*(_0R?CAU?WHZO'
MZWMU\L2!-^%`_1D.O$TG?^(X]7IYU?HSOFJ-W!,'W(4#]& H/P>]M<=PG/Y\WEL;Z9U?SN3^8]B;&\7JN_\8]O9&
M"HP_:TK.\VHWBFEQ_Q%..KI]-;JYNG.1>Z*(HQ@7%_"!+S#5^N!W=?FM -:ZO_57D ZU.O<7WY_ZSXX1C^XWN+ER(]6=X'Z
MH^N3+DRNES^[;GYZJ6'4I>>+KJK__-/H9O3CZW_J0O@NM'G3T\:VF,06[JKG
MNIV6,"NA*F%>0EU"4T);PJ*$90FK$M8E;$K8EK`K85_"H81C":<2SAF\5HF[
M.JNT_QMU=MVX.L%I.R:Q3K/H7,
M(!5D#JDA#:2%+"!+R`JRAFP@6\@.LH<8&6LU
M%A=_SU[.N(YL;;W 0`.4).D',NIH!N`VQ`!2_-;0D#%?/ROIB7J54W,4DS4D6:
MDVI20VI)"]*2M"*M21O2EK0C[4D'TI%T(IT-V5*[C8E\H^GIR>HV[(K9&BB?
MKJ0I:4:J2'-236I(+6E!6I)6I#5I0]J2=J0]Z4`ZDDZDLR%;5[ ].WXLIW#7*@9B
MZAX0N4!<=QF9D2K2G%23&E)+6I"6I!5I3=J0MJ0=:4\ZD(ZD$^ELR);:[6[AG9_64-"-5I#FI)C6DEK0@+4DKTIJT(6U).]*>="`=
M22?2V9"MJ]O3&%!7OP5BZMKMBF0+W-NKU(>]*!="2=2/IV8#:JIJ[N*T`#ZGII;K>S`MFU\&WQD'Z26G53F#0C5:0Y
MJ28UI):T("U)*]*:M"%M23O2GG0@'4DGTMF0+?6P[2SW%2_-Q'P*!\K7PJ0I
M:4:J2'-236I(+6E!6I)6I#5I0]J2=J0]Z4`ZDDZDLR%;UW([Z[L?(;DOTY4E
M#WM89IE\6WQ=8Q(.S-;$4]*,5)'FI)K4D%K2@K0DK4AKTH:T)>U(>]*!="2=
M2&=#-@5NG^KY']!COZUE9K E`.I).I+,A6U>WW32@KGYWRM0U;%AI)J?GP+?EEZG&7:OT`0V:L55%
MFI-J4D-J20O2DK0BK4D;TI:T(^U)!]*1="*=#=E2#]OI ="`=
M22?2V9`MM=N!&E!JOV%E2HT]K,D8-"7-2!5I3JI)#:DE+4A+THJT)FU(6]*.
MM"<=2$?2B70V9.LZ;*=KS)VN0-?IL=$DTDWW)&D:2=?Q;*(7W]F:I59QHE>D
M.:DF-:0VTIU[7788W#["@'C[;0<3;T]F&`+EPQ#(#D/Q%9G9N&N5A@$T9ZN:
MU)#:2!R&ZW+3Q/\$TBOW8WY??_GP[N]O/JEZ6C_W?&'D6C]I=-G]^O.E%[O`
MCI2&8A+)_USEY2>,`EW?7WYH:7PU*N[E9JE!-S"QF\ A^'$H]
M%PN])C6(/;>QFTO/)BW7PS8
M[LYB*YTE=7]7/$"J8BMS_WQ7[%'/8ZOT(NI(3[Z()K8:7:IY^UB\R#;^_>4[
M"79\W=K\^;/QVB_E\]D8*1^`ZZ+FD]!(2Y0TO*&K]&9GJ54^EL4V8!5/J$^T
M;,0QEK[[[(QU/#"=L>D_8_'JVWC@'YW1CJA;[PX84;\\-B/JR23VNIB?$UW]
MW)V["6QW7!SD66J5CU715Q5;: &E& ,A]=\BQ
M5>JX2:WRP2X^GMMXX/,BYY9L^ )ZZ6X=GHR21S=%9^AD^O0*KW):20-
M8DK4;7%9FL56.CZUNBLNS55LI65(UJJHQSRV2B^BCO3DBVAB*_LBBI?:QE9_
M]"+L)3YD`F.QS\T$JWF6E8[_'!%5KIGBBUX@<7
M7D1]_9P7T<16]D44M6UCJS]Z$7;P];8Y^/I=$7H'[K[J^.GWRWW5@)LLUV,Q
M,3S9B7%??%)-='>%:[0G=\.3QI.U":W"YWDYXZK0L3Z7XO5JSG/5L=63YVIB
MJW"NVV+ZM?'O>R[8Y8+F -&-V>)8%VCKHU
M@5^_F.N&IVP#;W(-FI)FI(HT)]6DAM22%J0E:45:DS:D+6E'VI,.I"/I1#H;
M,E>J&TU,4^^GZWII;B]#@=R'4Q;H\H8GM8HS84J:D2K2G%23&E)+6I"6I!5I
M3=J0MJ0=:4\ZD(ZD$^ELR)9:EZ\AI7;-BU)[RJ?P#6A*FI$JTIQ4DQI22UJ0
MEJ05:4W:D+:D'6E/.I".I!/I;,C6U:TR\TOV-Z9P6/.FS^TW-YY,74%3MIJ1
M*M*<5),:4DM:D):D%6E-VI"VI!UI3SJ0CJ03Z6S(UM6M4@?4U2]J\X_+[B12NGN?1C(7\-MB,3A+K6)?%6E.JDD-J8W$3 ,`Q^S6R&P9,9
MAD#Y,`2RPU"L,V>75Z/?Y)(V&RO2G%23&E(;J6<8]+K,,'S7^OK&]5) +G=VR7HXLAB:L'\WBY;Z8&9-PH.ZIX^N;!K)+,ZRP8BN_
MZGE\+(:TBG^?KM1SGJN.K %X]0HS>#NN$@SMJI( ZV&I&JDAS4DUJ2"UI05J25J0U:4/:DG:D/>E`.I).
MI+,A6U>WVS3@RNPWI\P,#OM5NJ%*C[C+;^--;KM6[R14I>_@5*7OX
M%>B/'WZE!G'J5[&;[.%7I-1SG0[\@X=?J4'LN8W=\.&7^W\VX?R:X.A5?ZUP71@+/HLD+[(=?DJ
M^%79316/2=\%G+/G.K9*X]C8GF_N1QBB\,XN/=MI.6S;PBUBBX?/@8J\%0]"
M)[%5>M732.E;_[-`^@*4&Z+10_F,LXK'Y+GR+RE+ =>!LIZ;2+[GV_OR![%:T[,-5[F@_KZ1XSK[SE/VO'X2*(O!-+9Z\O(R
M"ZWT[95+YFZN1QBZ."]Q`9@J'U6R:U5.VFI$JTIQ4DQI22UJ0EJ05:4W:
MD+:D'6E/.I".I!/I;,C6==AJ]HZKV4#N]B2;PL7=RR2U2E,XK'FS!X!L59'F
MI)K4D%K2@K0DK4AKTH:T)>U(>]*!="2=2&=#IM3WY0+WZ5WF2W.[ZY
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MI`/I2#J1SH;LS"]WO;XQ\[F[=>_)+J$>RR SA`)-[T$S4D6:DVI2
M0VI)"]*2M"*M21O2EK0C[4D'TI%T(IT-V;H.V]VZY^Y6('-3YEOI-QRE^1I(
ME_9T4_98/*V;Q;[2+6L5B3^S>5]NX'S?;2;W=2X=ZZ=0T_;,)%+^COR![I>G
M9.^HN`^ 3+)#NI,)BKWQD%1ND3_]II" Q57C4>UVL;ZKX]_ST?RA7Z4]_2ER:%^\J+,?]N?4+!\MM\G!,_B`N=J-#
M4WG*']R '[AX#91J5=R63F*#O%:^&WNGS'<5
M6H7Q*E:Z5>RWIU3ERNT;I>(2[I):=1=^THQ4D>:DFM206M*"
MM"2M2&O2AK0E[4A[TH%T))U(9T.VU,/66@] MQF;8KMDC=\T"F=CX5AE-0ZLB-L5C\EEJ%5]Z% N"/MV=>!?1W3@?E++3Z(3ZE5
M?*EGT[W-2+D#]UT/*QZY,1 I57Q'52#]'IU(
M QN=83MZC]S1"Y2>-!2S;A(;I"I/(SW]5"BV\D\:
M;HJ*5_&OTYW//%(Z51TI?:HUD4*_#\4+;N/?IXX7D5+'RTBIXU4D\UBH_!G)
M=6R5NM]$2MUO(Z7N=Y'"Z[XO+L[[^/>IXT.DU/$QTI-C?XJMXAC9S_=S_.O+
MJ6R@AFTE/G(K,9(_-?\%L$EHD#^02\>DF3'"HZMTH'L@=U-< SE5,YG/LY'(J&ZAA&Y:/
MW+`,9-9#OE5&4[::D2K2G%23&E)+6I"6I!5I3=J0MJ0=:4\ZD(ZD$^ELR-:U
MW+!\>JOJD;N2@=S/H6;W'<55<9):Q<1.23-219J3:E)#:DD+TI*T(JU)&]*6
MM"/M20?2D70BG0W94KL-Q. [LO& ,>
MF_58U6/S'JM[K.FQML<6/;;LL56/K7MLTV/;'MOUV+['#CUV[+%3CYVM%0D8
MMELYNN)V9;1\ ]&*#_]B-TCA\(?:#W^8P@%3.&`*!TSA@"D4N
MM^C^!]P3;W1%7?UHMEK@6^7V;2G
MG NBEW`8,6UH'@*/QFE9NE:0)OUM*MZ;-YC=8\U/=;V
MV*+'ECVVZK%UCVUZ;-MCNQ[;]]BAQXX]=NJQL[4B'&['Z/D;_"/W>W6+G^".
MELU[E3O?B7KWXO-/+Z7VVTGY`YV1_H>+@/F^V1@_>YLU
MRR9\=V@T)0"F!,"4`)@2`%,"8$H`3`F`*0$P)0"F!,"4`)@2`-OUF!*`=DH`
M3`F`*0$P)2"W(@%NQVA(`OP.DWJ,)7LS&N6[3I?)K0D/TX2'J=PPE1NF VA(
MN?UVDBUWV&+2UD-Z6C\JOH.C!'3-8E*4`)@2`%,"8$H`3`F`*0$P)0"F!,"4
M`)@2`%,"8$H`3`F`*0$P)0"F!,"4`)@2`%," %1\V57!Z)K%
MZX6"`5,P8`H&3,&`*1C>1I??H5\,E-L]^5\8*+\)8P J.#;T7>[4:L:Y%/$HCEO=>C)C;
M4LA'[!M/E#3J7"MX,[^I!+_8:Q2.S'Y9OP:KYTA^4;1KIGO@[,.J^&J9@A9Z
MTXU2UVQT5SS*5O9"L_3-3HWK *-E_P:%DNO;W?A_A&*$WT&H$H03FARC=XUW
MZ"G50(-;]%[^&)/&->_=#J(+GQG$;^3XTK[8]0AF X\EH;)9>^W04[ 6SE=W]N3YFJZ9K7]QS6B[9G\T<8JA=DO1/*_?
M&FK7OASJ8.G:-AGIRG!IETSC&BR]=PVBMRRM&K?0+GTW6N.&_C1NZ$^#A/XT
M(GE_Q=MWZ[`A;]^OV\R\''LKDE9\4FA$?+/L'UC1B'2'QNN[1B18&B6-2#"3
M)/2G$4%_&A'TIQ')^RM&Q"U5\A&Y;$;>O1KKCN9;V?"K'#LXWMP_!MQ=QL?E
MK^O2X(1#35R"I8'0X'BS<0GM3%S0GP8'_6EPT)\&)^^O&!QW%Y\/SK=&Q-_U
MVQ'Q5L2E^+D&C8AO9N/2'9K%)5@:)<4EF(D+^M.(H#^-"/K3B.3]%2/B;G2'
MC(B_,;8C$DS3-,L(EJ\N@;KT9+77!.HYM.>>(QWJ[K2*CWB-5^C%)`AGTW@]
MYVP:PN[0GK-I-/.S%:/I[H:'C&:X>TZ%?C,:>ROR5=S7\:S?#7Z47I\MT=$I.KT7S.V32:W:$]9]-HYF 6;9;571GH.[9M>W:$N\/?C
M5S?%LSJ-6>C)I*@[+(ZWQNPY9]0P=H>Z,]X]O!K?767_5YQ>0YR?W@[QM49U
MR!!?VA?WD\&R-$U&M&DT7>GB.YYUEB ULU(N'0=&72B`1+KU8CXBU+8A5-6PG9
MB*`_C0CZTXB@/XU(:'?IKQ@1=ZLY9$3\K:FY"EV'VU5[%F/KEG/ID1LEEZ(AO(Y+T2C&YK9%U(L6S7@WW@A
M10WV0&H0[8)/*8.:%C7'=T^\SP$U:,#WUC&E3*KMVV4B6/WZK`0]G-4'M
M#HW=:71#NW0*#677[HE3:"CS4Q3CYNY[AXR;OT^VV?6676@T=6$*JK?LXJ-!
M"I;>E48D6*J-+F;H3R."_C0BZ$]O/^^O>/ON1G7(VP\WMNFEZ6+F[59W:=V,
MT3\5:W_F72/2-8LUU8C`-"(PC8@W>S$+EBZ.&I%@:30U(MZRBZ-&).^O&!%W
MLSED1/S-J0U$N&']UL4L-$NO5B/2 8FDTE,]Y
M(1K=[M#\A?!B]HT74M3`W?$.J4&X0S:I#/:MBYEOEJ5#->@YM*\&W:%_>!,7
M>S+7MNZP;+"? \V7VO\I_>T74O
M')JN4QJ18.G=Z[KG+4NB1B2T,_E!?QH1]*<107\:D;P_.R+Z)Y@&C 'Q[EK/$HM+2]4=F4HS[RR=H>XL
MG:&)]N09VMC*+RZ*4=/EQ>3H^YX%Z:D-MMRCF0O8-3810[,L-AI,WYW^B)>8
M66?^6=#U]5CR>%-TI]$,KR1_(,13:#1Q"HUFL'`*K2&O'Q[*W]^FX _=387*ST$ ][VYL>#6 &TI[@:W]Y?7=T5.YL:SOP4Q7"Z
M^]ZGAO-Y__3Y2.^2\0R6+FN:V#`-7K`TH!H\;UEF-5*A77ZIBY;.H9%"?QHI
M]*=AR?LKAL7=#Y?#XG;9OO[RX=W?G_4/DX[ L
MJ9RISXU6N!-/[^#-Z,:;^2XS38.&=HH63*,$TRVS5
M8^L>V_38ML=V/;;OL4./'7OLU&-G:T4,W'U]'H-_CV[>OOOAY_],WW]Y]_XW
M76FOW&/%/_UX^
M@/)"\,SK:5@!F>N`-WL=@"D%,*4`IA3`E`*84@!3"F!*`4PI@"D%,*4`IA3`
ME`*84@!3"F!*`4PI@"D%,*4`IA3D5J3`+;7^%U+@5VSVQBU8N@G0M9^%[TK$V7OQ?Z6$M*UB+TK(7GOQ8BYI5@^8M^Z
M `NKH>L;W;]?/=YQB1`.3:]$
MTPBGT)#A%!HD>XJQ[IEO]'5'>]NL< CU"Q."27`=Z=#HRD!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`F!*
M`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`F!*`$P)@"D!,"4@MR(!;GT[)`%^/6P^0VZ]
MV0D/4[EA*C=,Y8:IW#"5&Z9RPU1NF,H-4[EA*C=,Y8:IW#"5&Z9RPU1NF,H-
M4[EA*C=,Y ;,J3 )@2`%,"8$H`3`F`*0$P)0"F!,"4`)@2`%,"8$H`3`F`*0$P)0"F
M!,"4`)@2`%," BC4\OEIPVS7+)CQ,"8`I`3`E`*8$P)0`F!(`4P)@2@!,
M"8`I`3`E`*8$P)0`F!(`4P)@2@!,"8`I`;G9!&B6#DK`I7VQ:1?,3'C:=$2;
M]5C58_,>JWNLZ;&VQQ8]MNRQ58^M>VS38]L>V_78OL 5VNSE#RNUW?VRYPXZ0O:4O'@UIPG?-TBIG+#5&Z8R@U3N6$J-TSEAJGNQ=URR;\#`E`*8$P)0`F!(`4P)@2@!,"8`I`3`E`*8$P)0`
MF!(`4P)@2@!,"8`I`3`E`*8$Y%8DP.WO#$F`WP^R" 6.VP(:=V0+>'QQ=Z[KEDVX6%*`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3
M`F!*`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`F!*`$P)R,TFX'[@GMVE?;%G%RQ;KD]&
MM&F/S7JLZK%YC]4]UO18VV.+'EOVV*K'UCVVZ;%MC^UZ;-]CAQX[]MBIQ\[6
MBG*[S9P!$_[>;_Z8"1_,+1/3A+_%]U%3LS3A:4I`V%]*7[Y3`F!*`$P)@"D!
M,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`F!*`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`G(K$N#V=X8DP.\'
MV03D>T3A$_X>I@D/4[EA*C=,Y8:IW#"5&Z9RPU1NF,H-4[EA*C=,Y8:IW#"5
M&Z9RPU1NF,H-4[EA*G=N1;G=9LZ0 ^:91,>I@3`
ME`"8$@!3`F!*`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E`"8$@!3`F!*`$P)@"D!,"4`I@3`E(#<
MB@2X_9TA"?#[038!^1Y1G/`P37B8ROW_23NWW3:.+(K^BI$/B-F4*))"QH!Y
MD4A=;?GR[LG(3C#.*)`5S._/.FQ)[NZUC8"8%R-9F]5=S;VKFCQJ5HEAMQAV
MBV&W&':+8;<8=HMAMQAVBV&W&':+8;<8=HMAMQAVBV&W&':+87>7#>RN:LX^
M=K?5G[[=CQ4A0M49\'JR=OK\LLZ`%R,!8B1`C`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)$",!
M8B1`C`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)$",!8B2@RP8)J`+//@EH"T+]!'2+1$\#7HP!
M+X;=8M@MAMUBV"V&W6+8+8;=8M@MAMUBV"V&W6+8+8;=8M@MAMUBV"V&W6+8
MW64#NZN:LX_=;?6G;_=C1:A_AQ_\^&W)Z@> P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N
M,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L[K*!W57-V !;0+;!G86V'E@%X%=!G85V'5@;P)[
M&]A-8.\">Q_8A\`^]MG`[JKF[#'@9VWUIS?@'UD]W=/Y2*\G:[^_[/N`-R,!
MCP6F[[_'(P%B)$",!(B1`#$2($8"Q$B`&`D0(P%B)$",!(B1`#$2($8"Q$B`
M&`D0(P%=-DA`%7CV24"]?CC@6]8?\&(,>#'L%L-N,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N
M,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N,>P6PVXQ[!;#[BX;V%W5G'WL;JL__0'?LD&57D_6
MSIY?UAGP8B1`C`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)$",!8B1`C`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)
M$",!8B1`C`1TV2`!5>#9)P%M0:B?@&Z1Z/$C_4R,`2^&W6+8+8;=8M@MAMUB
MV"V&W6+8+8;=8M@MAMUBV"V&W6+8+8;=8M@MAMUBV-UE`[NKFK./W6WUIV_W
M8T6(::5SA]>3M;/GEW4&O!@)$",!8B1`C`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)$",!8B1`
MC`2(D0`Q$B!&`L1(@!@)$",!739(0!5X]DE`6Q#J)Z!;)'H:\&(,>#'L%L-N
M,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N,>P6PVXQ[!;#;C'L%L-N,>P6PVXQ[!;#[BX;V%W5
MG*[=M9[:>/(S`?GUKV\/=W]L;G__LEMC[6_W-IFUA:%^$EI6*^)WY@(]A/?8
ME)=UYH+GID^,$0(QQBA$.,!G0:V"6P;V%E@YX%=!'89V%5@UX&]">QM8#>!O0OL?6`?`OO89ZW=
M+[_]=GO[L/KT\.G5+W_ >+8[)S5#=O:]/2=BMG6IN5MEL+T]J\M'D\YGR$1DCB^4JC5ARUIK3=;W=]
MOG%INS*BM8/2=A].K!V6MELMU-JDM$GLR[3:\?A$ZN>TVO&']:C5>\U?8:-6
M[S5_GXM:O=?\,2=J]5Y3YD_:4;7CR>VH53N>Z4W:M'S@X=NHE0\\&ABU\H'G
MR*)6/O"$4=*.JAU5Y:A5.PI042L?^.E9U,H'?I44M?*!G[!$K7S@QPU)FU0[
MEJN)6K5C(9.HE0^L>A&U\H'U$))V5#ZT,Z[R>50^\+/JU&Y2[5B1-&K5CC44
MHU8^L.!>U,H'EF*+6OG`NEU1*Q]8T2EI3?63G1>C5OUL-PG3M3?5S_;SB;7J
M9Y/[V50_F]S/IOK9Y'Z.JMTHMQM5N]$/VE5>1CDOH\K+*.=E5'D9Y;R,*B^C
MF) :QU9Q&\]BF&94'H^S!J#P8Y:R,RH-1SLJH/!A%#V9<=KZCS.A]OI_,
MZ'V^F]3-)-]+YG1]'GL^IP?S^+Y/L2O/SE/:Y+EYQJ7FN\N,T.1[RXS(Y#M+
MW8SSO?@()?9_XAW-,_]-?7GF;]N;/F^-N%*\^B?T":/_9I*
M\TPZX7KR/#KA>O(L.N%Z\AQZ2!N6U@XSS"%M6#PZ*#5]YMES0JKRW#EA..29
M $L*N#TDA(6SG')3=5!W;-+1I Z=?-\>M\+`Z5WN6R.7%.GFD,YE[2N`%F>;VA6`8T:M
M=K'!`[:*\3'1*M)LJA&U"G4 1>4]RH=Y\OS]_``EN?Y^
M?HB2SO.1HWV,R@7*93S/!>>YC.>YX#R7\6A7'.TJ*M AM[O:'7VWBT,XYV%I5SE/.H+%`645FB+*.R0EG'7J_H]3KV>D6O
MU_%H)QSM)"I74UR(W^ZN4:ZC\@;E;?RV^&9Z@)+R=D.;FZ@LIK/C1?P>O$19
M1F6%LH[?JU?3.4J:R4]H <
MYS*V6?%5 X-%RAOH[*@;XO8@R7*,BHKE'6\GA77LXYM
M3FAS$I53E-.H+`X/CA?L4^:9=(FRC,H*9 IR0N49916:%LQ_&>.)ZCI*.=T>8L*JL#LM-N-S?XM+-!V;;*
MRV?IVZM?_OSTY?;RT_V7W__S[<77V\\4'T %3A?_0\``/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`#\A_PVH`@``R`8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE%5=;YLP%'V?M/]@^;U\)=`4A51MJFZ55FF:]O'L&`-6,4:V
MT[3_?M=VRH!V2_>2X.MSC\^YOES6ET^B18],:2Z[`L=!A!'KJ"QY5Q?XQ_?;
MLQ5&VI"N)*WL6(&?F I'G3#F$'`T.D"-\;T>1AJVC!!="![UL%.
M)94@!I:J#G6O&"E=DFC#)(JR4!#>8L,YY$L988T*\;
MWNL7-D'?0R>(>MCW9U2*'BAVO.7FV9%B)&A^5W=2D5T+OI_B):$OW&[QBEYP
MJJ26E0F`+O1"7WN^""]"8-JL2PX.;-F18E6!K^)\F^%PLW;U^ D6[D
MX9/BY1?>,2@V7).]@)V4#Q9Z5]H0)(>OLF_=!7Q5J&05V;?FFSQ\9KQN#-QV
M"H:LK[Q\OF&:0D&!)DA2RT1E"P+@%PEN.P,*0I[ V!>, @;1(+UN +M+9R1ZS_'/R*#`Y>3D]V=[/:>LV"7`3!=E,@<>,%(P"$P70
MH>_W;L%3[W%R,3O98S+7-_%R-;N4[5^W)ZJR_U%EP:=4> #ALP
M2'I2LWNB:MYIU+(***/@'.JD_"CR"R-[U^X[:6"$N,&ULK)S; :EBB;%4E4D72 AT1B@A^2'7_YX
M?CKY?;'>+% +E?O6P?/GZ\?3?O\;_NCX]V6SG+P_SI]7+XN/I
MGXO-Z2^?_OF/#S]6Z]\VWQ:+[0DIO&P^GG[;;E]OS\\W]]\6S_/-V>IU\4(E
MCZOU\WQ+_UQ_/=^\KA?SAZ'2\]/Y>#2Z/'^>+U].MO$TWU+_-]^6KQM6>[Y_B]SS?/W;]]=_W:^>7TGBR_)IN?US$#T]
M>;Z_S;Z^K-;S+T\T[C^"Z?R>M8=_@/SS\GZ]VJP>MV /'T\_!;3^=G)Y_^C!,T'^6BQ\;Z_]/-M]6/Y+U\J% "!=GWRL'B 9L?*&4[E=/U`'Z[\GS4BT-FI'Y'\/?'\N'[;>/IY/Q63`=
M79+UR9?%9ALOE>+IR?WWS7;U_%]M$Q@EK3$V&A/JO-&X/+NX&DT")7*@XM14
MI+^FXLW9^/HBN!A:/U"19(=>TU]3<3QZ4XN7IB+]-16OSJXO+J:7UU>'NWIE
M*M+?X\9(@39TE?X>-\8;4Y'^\ABO=IXY,#.,A@MQKH?XX;
M9L"+0/W/<0,-:-WH#LL"&K]MJ+R``EE!;QTJ+R$5+$ LVX&6D
M_L>T^L:A\CH*9"$='NJYCO1AXPCGV_FG#^O5CQ/:C YVMN#6Z7&6X9>
M4[M-Y&=["&T>2N6SDOEX2O5I?]C0QO?[I\GUS8?SWVFSNC W8^HB#Z?_A(
MR2@?\>S>,1"GC3V'L`57"7T0^2#V0>*#U`>9#W(?%#XH?5#YH/9!XX/6!YT/
M>@LX#J&MR7'(_N I'1LW(W>B[[3-Y?!X'Y;^#$@()`(2`TF`I$`R
M(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`M$`Z(+U-'%?07G^$*Y0U[73D5]FG;KQ=Z$X;75(T6D9^
M9.R,=J$!)`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`M$`Z(+U-'/?0\_0(]RCKP3T\
MJ7>:V'$!)`02`8F!)$!2(!F0'$@!I`12`:F!-$!:(!V0WB;.Q--IY(B)5];N
MQ&MR27%G!)L[$
MTWGTB(E7UN[$:^(%P=0+@IW1+@B`1$!B(`F0%$@&)`=2`"F!5$!J(`V0%D@'
MI+>)XPNZN1[A"V7M^D(3.PB`A$`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(#60!D@+I`/2
MV\29>)4".&+F!W-WZ@WRXN#"BP.QV@4"H@A1C"A!E"+*$.6("D0EH@I1C:A!
MU"+J$/4. _W:WH-$0>V..C"64]3"Y$7QOI
MEL&!?03(QH;&Z(B_NSLR!GP6+Q(KE8Y:7>4\,NI8%DTI%D9_<7+J[E]*19&'WE=BQ?(U:TGO&X.LWK=24>2A]YU8L7SOR+ON5K=.V]U[
MHI+>.>S"4E]2';]J-*8GY,YCDYLK=TIG*I],WB H_B"L=,M/#$VR9R+A;=@I'HEHSLP5>0E$HF5VB8#;RYB4TRI?ZZ12`U&*5O)C&5B)4MO.O*6
M5LX5Z6JT6]F![Y!"M+C%DBM*BY58J9%J[X
MLY&X2T#=P>TE\+X'N+[).RM#(V>GF(X\I\[4.R"U,F3R0D;3G9\C1C1O.]],
M1UZ",68KDMQ9@0<3MI*-/&4D+6:,U&9('O06=,[%E[L^%HQD)"4CT:T8N2/Q
MS@,U6QT<2>JX
M(),7&C2F$O&F[XB(K>@2+597WO8>LY4\
M?W:^MT\2.LGAK`*-G#L8H%"]8*6%85E%B&)$":(4488H1U0@*A%5B&I$#:(6
M48>H=Y#K(Y7(L'WT%Z ]00\PCV#.864'$7O#+*"8(8H1!0A
MBA$EB%)$&:(<48&H1%0AJA$UB%I$':+>0:XO5"[(#I5WG7;HM#(\K6P7&22G
M\AE;R>,Y-.CGZ0HQX&-@C"A!E"+*$.4&T5;"\@4CZ64I%7^2KA`#EJD1-8A:
M1!VBWB#=2]=]*MWS]]VGDT9.A!EDN\\@F9APK)&3KIB.O*QN)%8\.[%!M$ (%6OEK"7R!2.1+Z6B+>_UOA(KEJ]92^0;1B+?2D5;WNM]
M)U8LW[,6'C[HONBZ^_"#;3#W=DZ=H=[3 1FN"_<7/NY
MS)QEI+$"&RO9ZF!CE50\,+R:M:3%1BKR\%JV.MAB9ZS,\*ZOKKWP[EEF:,Q=
M+"KG86_=?Q'+)D4BD75'UPGUU%4/=^N0ZMW,9VQEW209R>8>,=(9LZL;3R7F
M B6C$2W8J1UK_WD6,WE(MPP$N&6D0AW
MC!S'^S'2L]4@[_I5)7".\*O.]SC/7H/L'DP#[ZX]&VLK9Q/85>1E'(F5M4;\
MR8J-E;KU[E82)HI$B^53KBA3FHF5:$T#+S65.8RR4+F#"2@U'*2(0S1G86$!Y,.5N)?,%(
M^ETR$OF*D>[W],I+NM9B[&7.)8I7'L7>)][M;)
M(&?S,,C=/+Q#[6QHWGW_8-!49C(RZ,KLW5-O@<>FW+H])5*%XR=%X8S16+_5
M&DV\8,U1N3#(VN]*EI$N5P:9+L,ZKU&XD2K (0I]'%ADK*\YC1O*D3%`K92O1
MRAC)].>,1*M`K9*M1*MB)%HU(]%J4*ME*]'J&(E6SP@?UY/CDEN;O!,G(C
MSK]2&2MK^892<><>L9('"^R#,5>4$VPB%5DK92N9ADRLU"*F[ZFY[V!SKB+"
MA51AX9*M1+@2JP/]KKFBR#=2D>5;MA+Y3JSV!A_7P$/VA)QR1/`-YIYWE8)W
MR/;?EL],/2NJ0D:R+B-&/]M.N5P6?,)(YB)E),(9(WL%PJK)V4KD"T8B7S(2
M^8J1[C?NJ5PNP@TC$6X9B7#'Z&"_>[;:$[LJ_61OK>]ZB$Y,7DNZ?\?([AB,
M>V:LG)#66O9#U%C1$^E`:,3 *GPM[G>YT.LY^V@[`7\-/`F]89
M6\D"#QG)\3!B9(Z'H+B.*!>,I,LE(U&N
M&.DNPZ*ON5R$&T;2Y9:1"'>,M#` CLQIX&4^
M9F+%RSDT2)WNY;H,;^+9B@[D8N4G$F*VDEQRPD@>DZD@2\MO,6.K@RWF;"4M
M%@;9+^G9ZN`8*[8ZV&+-5M)BPTC&V`HZ,,:.K0ZVV+,5IM`G?MK-7TUO>W\_
MR'@G!9V.LU]*&BL+A8@B1#&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B!E&+J$/4.\C=VU4>
MRW^NCR_.:(*/_$[YQ&3$[&>[1LXW$:9C/[MF*I*51/VN(J,(K6)$":(4488H
M1U0@*A%5B&I$#:(648>H=Y#K.95&LCUW^+)+[WW]=)5!5LC,$(6((D0QH@11
MBBA#E",J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA#U#O(]05MD &\]9F+%CY`0480H1I0@2A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@:A%UB'H'N>ZA$_H1
MH4+78W\G,\@.%40AH@A1C"A!E"+*$.6("D0EH@I1C:A!U"+J$/4. \@UW-^QN3PV8Q^9`ZB2",GB@"%IJ)E%2&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5"&J$36(
M6D0=(O4[??+HU;[0O[NG?S[K>;'^NI@MGIXV)_>K[^HW]2CL/GW88?V#?W?3
M"?_BGU\RN;I5YS^*`BBYII(AEP@E-U0R7(O]DNF(VAE."5"B?G-P2!M!R9A*
MALN57Q)0'9U/@!+JFWYE""74-_V10+]D3'W3K['\DLD%C6?(/$'))94,Z22_
MA*KLK4$5]MK3-.^=91K(WCFF8>R=X8!&H;^_Z_6(/EUWJSY.AYZDS\K=9GM+
MZ)-OM^JC;EB'/L=VJSZXAB7TXY&?]WN+.K;'_H[ >EN1>_>GM9UKTV/#=
ME-;)'DX?`*;A[6N:/G1+@]A70I\ZI JB_%8AWZQBNU
M,Y23
M3JOTPWSTLZH+^CXH_;3EZ &PO=V]R:W-H965T .+XD:8(X1;JB6X$-&(9=GA5;CH7:EB$I3?OW
M(Z7$\367ER"FZ7-X2)'B\N$]SZPW*B3C16B[H[%MT2+B,2NVH?WG]_/=O6U)
M18J89+R@H?U!I?VP^OQIN>?B5::4*@L0"AG:J5+EPG%DE-* .=YX/'5RP@K;("S$-1@\25A$GWBTRVFA#(B@&5$0OTQ9
M*8]H>70-7$[$ZZZ\BWA>`L2&94Q]:%#;RJ/%R[;@@FPRT/WN!B0Z8NN'#GS.
M(L$E3]0(X!P3:%?SW)D[@+1:Q@P48-HM09/07KN+1\^UG=52)^@OHWM9^V_)
ME.^_"A9_9P6%;$.=L`(;SE_1]25&$WSL=+Y^UA7X*:R8)F27J5]\_XVR;:J@
MW!-0A,(6\<<3E1%D%&!&W@21(IY!`/!KY0R/!F2$O(>V!\0L5FEH^]/19#;V
M77"W-E2J9X:0MA7MI.+Y/^.D%3D&2X?V1!19+07?6U!O\)8EP=/C+@#X&)-!
MJ*(.R/5916?-7J756+JBIK?`HG,3
M]F!I*@CZ% .UT@#^:@>+S)
M"IV;5,;25>-"*NMRSN-J[R;PT=0LR;1?A(M-74O>!3;T;K$94X^.UA3`]IQ#
M3!<8#MWOG>8!MA"2-HLR&]#3&@H7V$RG`T/5)NY0\[LW=;_V;F7JT.Q`4&OV
M^P$=-W4[7D+MN@SUN]MJ>'UAS.9X8UVJ3;?[-5BG-O,!33?UO]L=``=3SUGK
M&P'7:>K.`+=O"`2GR[!QU;DW30'MW3H50W/`:\T!K--L=D69](=-DJ.IT4+!
MZ=IK2/*PHZ\>"=J[Q=89"6:C,FM+3L66?J%9)JV([W!;\F#?J*S5)K?63=FV
M!XLU,$*W.M4;V+!*LJ4_B-BR0EH930!SK,>_,#N:>5"\A#AAS^(*=BO]-X5=
MFL+.,1[!X4\X5\9(4Y"3??O?]V\E8 B.-5`87^\K3^?3J^#1N.X>2YVZ^-5
M^5KLH>6Q/.S6)_AZ>&H<7P_%^J$RVKTT6LWF=6.WWN[K6F%P>(]&^?BXW12C
M ?MZ1+7=YCURN_7AR]?7/S;E[A4D/F]?MJ 5A_?H%^?P_"]0:UJR]"?K?=',IC^7BZ`KFE3VN=_H-T#I[N9A
M"SU0PUX[%(^W]4_!8-5JUQMW-]4`_7=;O!V=_VO'Y_)M>M@^I-M]`:,->5(9
M^%R67Q0U?E`0>$]:3*0':H/12/ZZ\OIU7Y%A7;I^<3I+L#/5(=&SS\&!7'
M#8PHR%RU.DII4[Y``/"WMMNJJ0$CLOY>?;YM'T[/M_7V]56GVVP'0*]]+HZG
MR59)UFN;K\=3N?N?)@5&2HNTC`A\HDCX89'0B,"G$6E=!6'S6L5QP3>T5AV`
M3V-VF7]M^/!I^,&'0X7%4_F$3QMJV.IT>]6@70BV;PSATQAVW]/'`*:%SI*:
M'R8#'XXZP#2I?ZQ*K],)KWM=&+1W)CMH8S#PCY'I7%'WWRN#^0XHX1_/1(#I
M5/^88%I.,!=R$72Q'_"/,7U?-C#]`>7_W9$W]/JKEO-H?5K?W1S*MQKLD;#"
MCJ]KM>,&`R6,"UGWP"[MGZUL6-)*Y9.2N:V#/2S:(VQ'W^["?GC3^`9;R,9P
M[B4G\!E#9*C]0LF..##FP(0#4PY$'(@Y,.-`PH&4`W,.+#BPY$#&@9P#*P=H
M0'ILCF#=_(XP0H:2V6$&2@R8@#8PY,.##E0,2!F`,S#B0<2#DP
MY\""`TL.9!S(.;!R`"\AL`-Y"3E_U ]09QFY)*+T0TDN-.%%G
MUHJD1=2Y):'TRI7V,9
M683,@@[/JR$%U4*% 6C0FHU
M+\0^MV9$:O=[?@\6UAN1@FM6;RVM$@:0V0`0R2WG7*=6U@WPO>1# V!EV\H
M_;U\_])U6(GXTT`CWAX0-ED2AX:D#P>JZ[!!0IO6L4%@L[+S*6RR V/(G4I?MU!-# $(DM1XT8WPR$9**1@#J06DDG-MZ!N?7BD'@'
M%L+;TIIAN)GUADAN.6 *5;Y
MISZ&O'RZ1Q:574.$J%P:&:CWTXJ:%.+)2?H1;))PB1?$J&KCR+?DXL
ME%^@%LDO$2+YC`Q=>19]3BR47Z%6)>^G6YUXN.F^7+.K.V:V4QNHZU;M89-7
M[8;5IF4Q,E"/:NZQA"8&:A%K*K4B:1A+:":U$JF52L.YA!92:RFU,FF82VCE
M:?GI4<_P.?H8RY"R1SE)D770V)\,+W5N@%GE<
MDB%V+T/618^Y89GN];H]MKQ7*%,Y\R>+.G3YP&0Q9S3N9-$0J[Y9-3M4#U)@
M2K6HDADA1)O[&"%]Q]WM,Y4)MI/[*4(D'"%$PC%"6CAD4WF&S:2;($2Z*4*D
M.T=(Z_;XG>,"VTEXB1`)9PB1$])"CRD:DL LS0D#SFQ'(]LON4%1K^S*,_;=11
MC3MM?ND.73WOY%=\ NG&R;%;TBW4O%OQ=7S:[EYL*)V:%C>YJ$-0QK)L6%U
MS=X=LDDS05]4)D[)!-=/9"!'.$:HI>KI]I=1CC+NR_J=GUV8U7%&K(K]D#5FD,U=L!
MD'BO9M<0%`C8L[%A.>M\@A!=@:92*T(6:<4(T?#/$"*M1&JER"*M.4*DM4"(
MM)92*T,6:>4(D=8*H4K+3X\Z.?E`>O1!BY<>`[D%0QB(6RIS0E.]]*4/P^%Y
MFUFJE![+NK`/3M"0*MBI@9S5$2&+AB$FEIK$\(Z/_U1BAB8DG)`)!IDBBX3G
MQ+H0]P(-27Y)ABB?(8OD /9%%\@E"))\B1/)SA'3< (D3"&4(DG"-T,>X5LN3:A5W,S^XOU4R5"DNZ$F:WX:+?0V/HK+F1@9QK
MW=A`+2B*1\3"RU-((N*T%F4C@QD!-W*H7G)'PA[H64
M7Y(AQIU)^9Q8%^17GKRW;\,1T^_(O3PAJX3A?ME=\&'`AG6(+)K@(X2H/!PC
M9,I#44!A.]6=4X2H[HP0(N'80#V])`-90*$-*2(D0A9PA1,(Y0EI8%%#8+$MEF*>_(]/RL*T29JL\#-C)QY!8.)U'!OJ;9UG(
M@B+,7CG.+'P=5XO.DJ=H2)?)B"!'BS]\BI%UT>,,6>0Q,1` \;^EUY_7+MKC@\% 58VY1?U7OP,/WN;BRL7]*',^^!.N2&,6$M =@;P@I;$L\X@K_"&'1+XQ<3K^JF8
MKP]/V_VQ]E(\PDQJ5@_?#OHW%_K+R3QC_5R>X+<2L./`>]SPVY@"7J%NJ@>Q
MCV5YPB_@N&%_;7/W?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`*)Q\A[2!@``#"``
M`!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULG%G;CN)&$'V/E']`?E_`
M%QA`PZS6;FVR4B)%42[/'F/`6L#(]NSL_GVJ76V[JMK!F'F8& /W\^GR;>T*+/\LG7 X@H_%
M859>BS3>U8/.IYDWGR]GYSB[.)AA4]R3(]_OLR15>?)V3B\5)BG24UP!__*8
M7 H)Y?W>#.&ER
MUQ^L]. MP&N>?]70+SL=@L$S:_3G6H$_BLDN
MW<=OI^K/_/W7-#L)K[+L`GKVE9? 2O)55?OX70:XFU2;Q3!(?V)OK
MWM1;+=S% R
MNX',37UP-FW%_J]@,$F=Y)/.LG5@TT`M2E#YVTNP?GJ>?0-E$H,);8S+$5
MT+73:14&X#=)NVH'S6`*[3R@QG0>_?HV=#58TVUN%&*`WLAK;U-3B7H0'1-D
M:T."];I-P]C"2J!L==5]6-NW6>M!@"/56,SG;?Z:0XB8H)U9)`.*!!@E$'\\
M)3UHZ\#$6X$6 N.::J[IQDGW
MT-,8@AHL"?I I`D&_`;AHA9K;"<
MT[D@%.'U;FLI$F!E7#_"4`^2#!>"(6)P)[G6)HGP,B%(`HR@"ZV&UO#VMJG1
MDIHH3FA`N'&\>@]S\I%!$'HTPOGIOD\T'N"'+L&;D%AKH8L@Y.?JXEE=B$'Z
M^I0R"'MGN[KUWT\8C8(3%F82UBFW#HJ][.6+:1`1]""4R='#5YL`X7N?_[AH
M'9QW9W!H0`;4R1Q9$44C7'C=Y\?S0G
M:`2L7J[%JW$+0MX5%AKI$RMTAZZHBD8X5=W %[H`@/2$JLPO&1$N23">>DN/IX7]GY>+TO:QB"HM,(B([PD;N
MY-5C)]:N]1`$/:5K.:ZPZZ@%M=+2"*-CQ!Z25MA"981U312. 8R&2B5)MA\E'$>\@[ZE%BUWK6*I2V$)EAE!?!\!(^9!0>=OP!
M::4M1&88Y44PC)=^3ALO;3U*U,MJR`;$=JTGCU$MJ-VU-,*I]G@'?$\Y]`U-
MCW=X\ACE-][1L(BLB*(1SDOW[M&[P\>.?UM:`^J$C*R(HA'."W)37K '*R(HI&
M.*^'O,'')C^@IG2"R`RCU2,8SDMXPX":V.YYG2PU+4_P94292*NFBT^U]:.M
M_M7M9\ZVQS'N4+?',;QN_=1:ACYI_49=&5$4PWD]9`\^=O4!=4GK-[QD1)E$
MM=Z LVUZ#',H:UK4?)_B+N&1I0MQ\B
M*Z)HA-4PZ/$';2:W:UF/&GKF,2#*2SJ&HAC.2W=ZTND&^&BTK)/ <74_)V3U`]H=XJ(+\`4I#NAA@"!:1!E1%,.+V&,7=XB+
M3@"WZ9X)Y9>,86#9A151-,)Y";L8$!>[.Z^3)2ZQ`",G1EJYQ4.'?ENKUPQ1
M$U^^XEO% ?)_>1MN7OI\\_8I*Q$-W`^\`]2F[O0#O
M8J_Q(?T]+@[9I9R 9KWD%;V'K?X_PUCV%MXCS
M*8#W>5XU'_0-VO?X+_\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#+#(6O,0,``$`)
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T S^_>=P81@]IJ7)##'QV?.C#U973]6
MI?/`I.*B7KO$F[@.JU.1\7J_=O_\OKN:NX[2M,YH*6JV=I^8 MJX(Q[0!#K=9NH76S]'V5%JRBRA,-JR&2"UE1#8]R[ZM&,IJUBZK2#R:3V*\H
MKUW#L)0?X1!YSE-V*])#Q6IM2"0KJ0;]JN"-.K%5Z4?H*BKO#\U5*JH&*':\
MY/JI)76=*EU^V]="TET)>3^2*4U/W.W#,_J*IU(HD6L/Z'PC]'G."W_A`]-F
ME7'(`&UW),O7[@U9)F3B^IM5:]!?SHYJ\-M1A3A^D3S[SFL&;D.=L`([(>X1
M^BW#5[#8?[;ZKJW`3^ED+*>'4O\2QZ^,[PL-Y8X@(TQLF3W=,I6"HT#C!1$R
MI:($`?#I5!Q;`QRAC^WWD6>Z6+MA[$6S24@`[NR8TG<-E$P7_D/X&G:8;8&`T>BQQ`;D9P06`J0UVN$S, 6@JFMX&UW$+QV(;US,:)S9FU1MP83M^6\(L%BI"P9QJ-!U%(%_3WT
MY6U5"+95A>'(#@.).E$DCNUX8L7#>![T<4M6?(DL!(]D37M:XY6!3(VLF)QW
M;),#R+SSE9FF:V)CR*[[ /#9S"=8R0 T'B4MN9%MTD0CR^(Q(I/
MX\7YA%C>P.BYP)P6/7)G-FJ8;0 [YB &ULG%3+CMHP%-U7ZC]8WD^XR,I4U.
M:]7P##]S@Q\6[]_-CTKO3,6Y14JF!)@6\UR``Y=VI'F1X<=DMAIALIC[_/P0_&BNOI&IU/%ODGT7!(
M-I3)%6"KU,Y!GW*W!?V35?#H2!X=B^\`>DC5C<0]QVDIQ%R]^\:71#TPE5*
MTN&+I"P#QC>WS_7J:J.G8/0_"EQ0AL'F[Z),QIU#?^$R8,:^K-/IJ'\*8^<8
MPNGD*L5!6QBIT'&2ZY*O>%T;Q-3>C4L"G-UNF.0E3++O>](=P"2UM.2?J2Y%
M8U#-"PB-HPF,C@ZS&!96M;[@6V5AAOQG!;],#@T:1P`NE+*7A6NQ[B>\^`4`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!6@!BJE`@``]08``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC%5=;YLP%'V?M/]@^;T8"$D:%%*EJ[I5VJ1IVL>S
M8PQ8Q1C93M/^^UW;*8(FBO*"X')\SCW'YK*^>Y4M>N':"-45.(EBC'C'5"FZ
MNL!_?C_>W&)D+.U*VJJ.%_B-&WRW^?QI?5#ZV32<6P0,G2EP8VV?$V)8PR4U
MD>IY!V\JI26U\*AK8GK-:>D7R9:D=_?,"5[H-B)5M@W3XJ19/E3W2E-=RWX?DTRRMZY
M_>EZ1%0&FS;H4X,#%CC2O"KQ-\OL5)INUS^>OX` F48>O6I3?1< NH.3Y(#\?E>
MH`F'W3IP@>$X@HR!_%XV69JMR0N89D?,?9365 S="4O@ZA^HPW;:I.ZT?ZUF^]5./
M#"]@ZO2TYC^HKD5G4,LKH(Q]1#K,K?!@50]=PNQ1%N:-OVW@]\+A`XTCR+-2
MRKX_@#`9?EB;_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!( &ULK%==C^(V%'VOU/\0Y7W)-X$(
M6)%`VI6V4E5UV^=,,!!-$J,X##/_OM>?.#8[FJWV91B.CT_NN??:N:P^OW:M
M\X(&TN!^[08SWW507^-#TY_6[K>_RT\+UR%CU1^J%O=H[;XAXG[>_/K+ZH:'
M9W)&:'1`H2=K]SR.E\SS2'U&745F^()Z6#GBH:M&^#J'(94'5@F[K6"WU_
M[G55T[MUVXTGR6I'P5`=YX0& \E%[)*1;94
M9>W"`8.\$>B(ETV\#%?>"U2Q%IS Q,H-GC !>ZUIHFE+Y)PTAS(K4N@OIJ2"
MDZ)8U6DG$#@=:ENTF$^W[15)UJH4R)Q=/WH[@9!NC)^264KUSTW]G&-X#,3X
MP'`$IX&?$:K!_,K'Y1Q)ERKN@B.Z$X&D$R>IX421I'3)D=AV`F=<=_(@8KB^
M9,B4/`V9(Z'/SGCH!\DTDD*L\[N2G6&UXUZ*(%E.M^W5-GIU+!*CP*58#JVZ
M0%H^[H:2IVX$$D@W1H<4?#V,5(%V:H?,]%YQV*V7^E-GI=B06J'3:42[>-\O
M!"5/0^?(O1!&2Q1B72N$VJ%"5QP:>F)&+E;MI"]_)')*GD8N$)5TH]@%7]>3
MKG:HR!6'1AX:92L%W\YY`+.&GO3_=8Z9R-22@.[5,/J[D`2M'!*ZWUI["=$#
M"&]0HY/DJGVF8=CZ";;XJQ3N8YGEG.F"4_WVC19FO01++YB$H/G5_6L?>L%*
M%\QN$)OW.ATB:?.$[(+D+QH^%/()ID/#"16H;8E3XRL=^"!%FY6"^32:QQE<
MM.#)P(LX@^O6QG=Q!F^&!WB2[1_QRSB#V];FPQ2\9;DTGIO3Z?@!/P\SF`1L
MG3S*X(5KX]LXVT*"8,%33X`I]U*=T!_5-1?J$/4+^0-O\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0!'>-I9[P&PO=V]R:W-H965T ,[Q
MW+P)Z?9EV7P^YYN9 3@4NSPL
M=R_G_-((DBH_90WLOSX6UYK8SKM;Z,Y9]?QR_;0KSU>@>"Q.1?.])1T.SKL@
M?;J45?9X@G-_8UZV(^[V#XO^7.RJLBX/S1W0C<1&[3//1_,1,"WO]P6ZF;#QWI\#QAAX\;1>'7]2;W:0W03WX13WVX3U#`K1K
MP^^']CQ'/?C]T)X9N+9=D/_GH[L>":^U01!F3;:\K\K7`606^*6^9CQ/6P(> G-IO>CKQ!X.Y19V3),EUB3!`\-
M3AN:0&0"L0EL3"`Q@=0$M@HP`K-TMH&0_C]LPVFX;>A4*P*DL1S#$"1!*J$)
M1"80F\#&!!(32$U@JP":(5S#$/VU@6*!2T,54&+!F9JQ(&0F;6EJ7;VVD-!"
M(@N)+61C(8F%I!:R51'MZ%"1>F+@CM>EYECLGE>E*&X])G$A#T1V (*"9!9-(9*13(5+4M\XUPBSHAHHZ1J#U*:]N-19UT
M6M)M%G7:"1'U5J768@FZS51IG9K99(>3*CA2BFMNE560AL4` JKIC!;+)"R)&'#I$(YH%.C?ES(T"$D#L7J>3[!FV,)*V;
M166Q%DIN62C5%YHZQD);=2'-D'R.TRSYMOE:<=U^"#EZ'!GIO28I, ZL&((J>'BS(S*ND8I- DI)=F?C(HAFI?3U@_MV[I:G5-()*C)CDS8S-K5'3D
M"4*"I. VM@K)@@I*Z;]*UJQ]\Z*
M>CCR&?7G+8V3KFII`6E1:KZ\K1D*R4@*$7+59FR/)2CE\;?.KTO7\>S,%M2N
MW-+&7BVY:;746`UZNCF=$$]/*/-!F`P,>S(C^4MYA7A\;_:%.1JG/AE%WLSH
M_RN4\M770VOF7Q.7?'L($9K)-\W(AF)2[.F,Q]XY`WW1LP,2MKK4!`D`/R
MV,[8"/@U*:H'0D68&F76F?:*4-&3KWTQU`@IG..@-"G1?,A$`=S0N=CO2"@$!*>,&H
M:3&MW.,%=?1[_P3VB`=KZJE@1,":!%0O=#KR!`CA=&>]:A%+CP_4*:RG*M]4
ML!Q[-B-(*UAS,]%1"K9'1PD14KI]1)"XQF(3\Y4XIL7L6L4O4]1$-YO.;#
M.4(I82TOW';+<7F-D)8O0A%:.!TO0BGJUSUS)E$KOA)?\<0'G'->/>7K_'2J
M![ORA7^A@Y:[O.]@\?DPG`5PEP.K&G@R"^!NQL:A\06\T_4]`2IH!O83^$3Y
MT&[26&,%GR[;`!SM;S`#;[`&:RGX1>`/?7/;@?
MP&6PC2=^`#>Y-AY.@JAOY602P.UFC_PT@)L_P$?=F>%CZ35[RG_/JJ?B4@].
M^0%#8\U@V\)FTG8".\%D\A^]@8_Z^?2C+AO[@"W0?VI?_
M`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`V7>A\8$"```J!@``&0```'AL+W=O 0)LL*<8F2E_',FWFV%T\OJD)'8:S4=8KC:(21J+G.
M9%VD^/>O[?IB"V,8)E[2)5D?%H-".*R1H'AL3 N50,4.UE)]]J28J1X\ES4VK!=!;Y?8LKX
MA;O]N*)7DAMM=>XBH".AT6O/C^21`--RD4EPX&-'1N0I7L7)>H[) *
MD^V](UOJTQ 1J];8=P`^#,I&S0^5^ZM-7
M(8O2P;2G8,C[2K+7C;`('Z[3Z&T!QVU3@:EO;,,>6"Z-/",8-:-LPOWGB!(C?
M[P6:\-B5!Z<8MB/(6,CON*1TO"!',,W/F'7`P+/#Q!V"@&BG#&KW*WNP5_:I
M^%;6H="7^=_(0&8RE/&A3V!TMXWZ18#KF:!TTMD('00,;=/M^Z)#P=M"'@S1
M@YLN+DKI&Z4S"+KN@:8=:&`7=L+]J7IPJ][%&BK7IF9#VK!U)]$N98CE-1PBSWG*'D6ZK5BM+8ED)=7@ORIXHPYL57H-747E\[:Y
M2T75`,6:EUR_&5+7J=+XZZ86DJY+B/O5#VEZX#8O1_053Z50(M<>T!'KZ'',
M ,T@V[!/
MN`-K(9X1^C5#$RPF1ZN?S`[\D$[& %F&X71!7B!UZ1[S8#%P;3%^BR`@VBJ#VO7*"$9E
MS`>Z\F`-79G@M,SX%AD$)RY<6^?#Q"4ZW]0-&I!O6Q"&5V?300;]3:=UG( IK=((;@O
M92W'$>`9W"EP;-U@YF.?7BAV7-B7V%NZ11=&9\INWI=]OZ\0W)>REN-H?"B&
M83ASL+W/;U;U!0ZF?C#CT\7E`ZJK>D$-T0,U:SH1STVG`/;+D-F:!B46GHD#
M>[=3#!?BL)T.HFV;^.>:WQ]TOYD0P>R*,C,K!]G:-WY_;Z(S,=W4^3BUAAD\
MZGT[!^V8J)C ;G+/S,,`OW7]=NB7+;=_]^>MT+/P,+_$A
M.M\7O5*E6`C/^^CY&U``KG^+[X=KV^BW(YWK^%IUU 7DMQ^^7><
M.)V.Y6JE4B^?=H=S42F(RU 7PSYL1_N/4WB^*I%+>-Q=H?_QV^$]1K73
M_BMRI]WEQ\?['_OH]`X23X?CX?H[$2T63GLQ>#U'E]W3$[IX/,`(Y[85+^')??/3$U@N*Y8>[9(*V
MA_`SMKX7XK?HLW !9(G`N,^]N$H'YI?` G&/CI"!^#_PND@4P-F9/ ?#&N7JV2S%I>FPUTA"_:L5%"QR\&S M"_HN&+A@Z(*1"\8NF+A@ZH*9"^8N6+A@Z8*5"]8NV+A@:X%44&'S8T&MP::;
M?0G#M2J]X&)EK57?;Z2#UE0V]>0*FBS%%B-M1CJ,=!GI,=)G9,#(D)$1(V-&
M)HQ,&9DQ,F=DP K7BU=+ITS-]QD7<9
MZ3'29V3`R)"1$2-C1B:,3!6!"S;VY,']'C24C*T;6
MC&P8V2JB>I=*`PAW:H5GA!O.B1AO:9W$&SO85,3WS;!;FE"XVXK4H`\F2_R:
MDR4=8X3274UH_GJ:-$QC?>-E2SL7B($Q0NDADQXQZ;'QLJ7KZ8A-C!%*3YGT
M3!&?)F1NO&QI9T(6Q@BEETQZI0E-R-IXV=+.A&R,$4IO;>E4?M2_E1_2.IT?
MBMCYH0E-1UL3"G2'D:XF=1/Z'M/I&R][[,X:&Q@C'/N028^8]-AXV=+.-6UB
MC%!ZRJ1G3'K.O!:,+)G.BNFLC9?=16?T&V.$7=S:TJG(P_W+-W8&:9V.O")V
MY#6Q(J^)%7E&NII8D6 -EC]VYA@R,$8Y]R*1'3'ILO&SI&VE4Y.$NZQN1E];IR"MB1UX3*_*:
M6)%GI*N)%7FFTS=>]MB#='@&Q@C'/F32(R8]-EZV]&U:>F*,4'K*I&=,>LZ\
M%HPLF 76S_LU#H11))X0B=D)H8B6$
M)G0IZS#25:1F)80B#2)]34AGP,B0Z8R8SE@1.)%:4QLX%8>),(J,4QHMP6)VB5V^(4K:C%&2)J<8Z(IG"A4:V2W$/Y007^I3>K
M)7J1]@H1::\1Y8YF@U9>TIQ7\IS3T!8-DL;2J2=K2'9-\'^DGBHYP5TFIDO3
MT\B>2C]PCKDM;56EFY,V.:)6AZQR$J&+CK38>N2(6GVTHMD VEK9*;55*
MJT;C[FBKAJV5D6"Z$Q3N'CGB:NQK9,D/R"IG-0ZUE57I&J$CG>;'7'Z"5KF]
MGW+YF4;6Y,RY_")+W@^ Z?IYLNZ]%J:7H*.?N94[9JH17E5ELCG]94!U%NP+IH19WH(2+Y/J+<0\4`
MK7);'*(5M3A"1"V.$>6V.$&KW!:G:$4MSC2R+@ESM*(I7"#*E5^B% :S
M#03 ,K&^6--/,(`^!^F@8`R
M`>>S0$"Q@/-Y(*!`P/DR$%`FX'P5""@6AOVM@$(/Y^V:@.>`G,]K`I[`<=X,1#-+IQ6(5A9O!P)J8%RG
M&PBHA''>"T0OB_%
M8_@"BZV2U`4OZL4V]>.J+PY/T15>2$NN$V_P`F((K]I4Y!7D)8JN^$,V8%YI
M?/@O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`#7R8MN\O``#J'@$`&0```'AL+W=O
M Z7U#PTR5;87J$F
M`0+@^;BO-7)[K!C+[9#D-3-OO_XBJE"'K]S=U)ZYF):_RDH`F7\5JA(@^___CZ="S_:_+ZU==O'W[_
M^
MOOWZ\=>'SQ^^OGG\X^%WM?SR^.7SAV_ZSR]_?_OUCR\/'WZ^=/K\V]O^S 73QX?9X\ O96GGW[X^9.NP(3]
MU9>'7WY\_;[W[MR[';]^^],/EPB=/SW\\VOP[U=??WW\Y_S+IY^7GWY_4+B5
M*)."OST^_L.8UC\;I,YOT;N\I[Y=7/#[]\^/.W;_O'?U8/G_[^ZS?E^U:7
M9*[LW C-[ NJ=3*P3O37.NE/
MWHQ[-W>#L9P\T7%H.^JO[7CK#_Y$/WF]G+7^NK-6Y)[H,+(=]-=V&+Z9W-X.
M1Y-GSG!L.^KO=9>F$78Y1?V]ZM+N;#_]?=FE]73EER.9?UQW<3V7??./ZRZO
M)\&T1_7*>5GN>DXMYA_VH+W;-[WAS ;K^RZ7Y
MQXOB^K:=12Z3TNS#MP\__?#E\9^O--7KV%__^&!N'+UWQIN;CMIH=1/47\U/
MFIB,E_?&S8^O%49-/5\UJ_[/3\/;T0]O_T<3X4=K L4;%*P3'I0&^M+FEUR
M[EL2#F&0&4@!4H+,02J0&J0!68`L058@:Y`-R!9D![('.8`<04X@YY!$"=2"
M]8H$&NLX@2U)!F4R =D 0 743,N#FS=F+_KT^#0=+YOU;H(=WDZ26;BU21)^%QM-
M.Z,NX2`%2`DR!ZE`:I`&9`&R!%F!K$$V(%N0'Y`!R!#F!G$,2)5Q;F>]+
MN.F8)CS)Y7UK$R?\-MT,=49=PD$*D!)D#E*!U"`-R`)D";("68-L0+8@.Y`]
MR`'D"'(".8 ##?MS:)``:QT;0SZ@0`4H"4('.0
M"J0&:4`6($N0%0$\@Y))$`3#4N4L#3$_O%/%U@CY)!
M?&^MDDS?)IGV5EVJB0JBDFA.5!'51`W1@FA)M"):$VV(MD0[HCW1@>A(="(Z
M1RC.OBF B(]&)Z!RA.*^F=G)%7MM22Y37%@T&7:JG9E>M5`^&'9HY
MI`5AM])3(3<>Z(6W 9$%5%-U#@T,N<5A\$4'*X(0UN?D#]WGO>F^&^N
M.0R#16$8+(K#D&Q>"N>K?;YE*KTET9RH(JJ)&H _73Q,.;Q
M'M8\\!$R#T6"X9!L?*;.JGTXV5;\LQV3!73A.P;NTU56Z:PT6OU)I+?HN;/R
M)U$Y%)]] "OOJC=*"L.EZZ@-4W?`'F.)(U:NHS]BG3]B .!0FIS=*?)7.ZAEU
MXHB5Z^B/6#O42G$\0BRMEXP4S8;HBL"U^Z 39#E=]FP7/S_.+0H<5\[*9ZGV5J%\D]MSXSHJ6EF1QY(S.XDP 1*ULXI/(CG5QEG]U4E$^3#Q^O_/Q\5+?"]S*+BW6Q2(;N90I!T$
MWUE)QSZLXZ0\4#HKY=-;8;)U5GYZKQQZ\B1J9Q6?1)+;QEG]U4G$P=?H9_#U
M8I*NP*RKCH]_7-95+U]D:8XU^@X'AD7FQ'Q8QLF=:NJLO"9G%@VBCLQ->\2!
MO9^G(ZYT7ORB>,YC5*RT)-ZZ=$[9Y2>,_'.EV-Q-%VJ)H3A\G
M=Y7IY53B]85#?H(N'(K5EMX-G56PS'4HU'=[7GWOOG963[IOG!77NAK#F7C>
M^BV!D^[3:^"+FT2N[5XH+`A8JP#-B`JBDFA.5!'51`W1@FA)M"):$VV(MD0[
MHCW1@>A(="(Z1RB>J ZF1$51"71
MG*@BJHD:H@71DFA%M";:$&V)=D1[H@/1D>A$=(Y0G&IEZ)I4&_-D"+ <40;C>ET1!N49#$:1]H1E00E41SHHJH)FJ(%D1+HA71FFA#M"7:$>V)#D1'
MHA/1.4)Q7LTN]8J\&O-DO+8H+%)JK6"LPEJM0QK)?AV)6JVW TJHAJ
MHL:A3!C,;C94PW?MK_OMGC@:_!;Y4$R=E;^BF45_7:OU!CXPUG.XB+7(>ZY\
M1U/D4!4X65?7WL!Y;BS2AE@H&C1F4X,P]4?FPR.Y*K:P*]M>>L;"L2C9825E
MDJFU&OC7@&?9CMAA.:MVUW-WEVX"7'NPP^*Q*F?U]`[+6=F26#_1=>/:N2
M!C".Z-,KQ(MY$L9V)QG>7JQ5@&9$!5%)-">JB&JBAFA!M"1:$:V)-D1;HAW1
MGNA`="0Z$9TC%(^4=.?\3%ZY+1ZT:*0__L8Q3I0U]59N^,Z("J*2:$Y4$=5$
M#=&":$FT(EH3;8BV1#NB/=&!Z$AT(CI'*$YUNJE_)M7M3CV\2>C>F2SSIT0S
MHH*H))H3540U44.T(%H2K8C61!NB+=&.:$]T(#H2G8C.$8KSFF[>S9K@N][2
MTGHP7359%+^K,TX*XU-OY4=WZTL='2IH51+-B2JBFJ@A6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H
M1[0G.A`=B4Y$YPC%*C!;\'!E^,SH-N;)#;I%P=UX:I;!L@K0C*@@*HGF1!51
M3=00+8B61"NB-=&&:$NT(]H3'8B.1">B )U:JP#-B`JBDFA.5!'51`W1@FA)M"):$VV(MD0[HCW1@>A(="(Z1RC.
MJRD-7#$UMY6$:.'5HG@(3Y(GI%/M/2^SM;_ESH@*HI)H3E01U40-T8)H2;0B
M6A-MB+9$.Z(]T8'H2'0B.D Z(#T9'H1'2.4)3785I0>GIU=3&/5U<61=MD
MO)SFC;J;,%%!5!+-B2JBFJ@A6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H1[0G.A`=B4Y$YPC%F;ZN
MT#5LJUKA9&U1.(*)9D0%44DT)ZJ(:J*&:$&T)%H1K8DV1%NB'=&>Z$!T)#H1
MG2,4Y_6Z0M>0A2Z+DIMP\H;0U%OY(6PK9/Z^7-"J))H3540U44.T(%H2K8C6
M1!NB+=&.:$]T(#H2G8C.$8I3?5VA:\A"ET71$$;M:T:K@J@DFA-51#510[0@
M6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W0@.A*=B,X1BO.:*W3I2Y?,!XY?_@[=D$4NAX*'7P[Y
M1U0SB[3.MX^HDB O
M02_FR5JE+?O$3[PFZ3N%MJ/>RG,G-7/HR:=0A;/2K3-X8I!$LW16?FT\=\@?
ML7+HR2/6SJI][C68).\E-:Z=S[V&UY5?+N9),&U%)KK:2?)X 3CN(43V;"Z>XV%Y7=EBR+*%
M18G>$D%,G94_ZYE#_JW_PB(M\$R(>I/T&6?I^H2Z:D\I4'+EK+SG.O;\N*RJ'^)W%C?9!=_$*MT
M!_./N.?T7%D4>*X=:CW?CM.'^TWD.197NJ'^OLAQGSULD;;R+@!3BP(9S)S5
MD]-+8:UTY[IH;CCH(73V:*'H6A0 KD:(/>;5((:IP?"O$VW<>FX7S9
MB[T7-_$T9U&X9"*:$15$)=& 9)7XT&/@*+'^Y-$WU/;459N-,V("J*2:$Y4$=5$#=&"
M:$FT(EH3;8BV1#NB/=&!Z$AT(CI'*$[U=1O<6VYP+8J&L-VZ^MO@C%8%44DT
M)ZJ(:J*&:$&T)%H1K8DV1%NB'=&>Z$!T)#H1G2,4Y_6ZW>PM=[,6)86+9/4R
M]59^"-L]KU^4%K0JB>9$%5%-U!`MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA.)4
MIQO Z(#
MT9'H1'2.4)S7=$>>KKI>]`T+M^VN/"PU.Q04+ASRY86917]=N/`&;NB71'.B
MBJ@F:BS2Y[&=^X5#_BR7OF.^"++R!L[-FFA#M"7:$>TM:L\R3M]U-8!;NU/V
M:Z%[B_0.ESOUJ4,^=3.+3&7'UT4FR;M6A;=RODJ'?#3G#OF85PY%[N^2O4/M
MK9S[QB*]N.#0PB%_]DO?\8FS7WDKYVOMD#_[C4/^[+ "MW1:5%*MDX-'=6WGWE
M4.3^+GE<47LKYZNA^X6S\NZ7#D7N)\G9K[R52OG
M?A^YC].=%F&>N;NRVG+;HKA.U4^N>>JL?&EEYM#3901KY4I7PTFR1"N=&S^S
MS!WR!ZL<>O)@=7*PFYNDW-8X-_Y@"X?\P98./7FP57(P7-G:N?$'VSCD#[9U
MZ,F#[9Q56^P=I=]7LG?MEV/%"C$EF2MVRVT%)[HAMRA8;$UO@69$!5%)-">J
MB&JBAFA!M"1:$:V)-D1;HAW1GNA`="0Z$9TC%.55Z;@FKQ?SN`IB4;R%NDN?
MB'@K-QW-B`JBDFA.5!'51`W1@FA)M"):$VV(MD0[HCW1@>A(="(Z1RA.]74%
MKU%;W0J'L$4ZA$OBE&A&5!"51'.BBJ@F:H@61$NB%=&::$.T)=H1[8D.1$>B
M$]$Y0G%>KZMNF7)E\GJ[1>&BS"&_[I@YI+V67Y3=)4_K"F_E-%(ZQ,]LFDDC
MNJM\US+SXB69E-KR3'1%%H579-&3*ZG"NM<>T5]1V[%=9L;),"6%E]\G1\8\
M.?46:25E-WOI(RO;)W@Z,G/HR;M_X:SLH]Y!LK\I73OO_J-TE_[T^O!BGER5
MW:&WQ]:'6-,RN>T3/HAS;C01>N(FU>+
M?*Z29>G4&?B5VLRA9W+5'DQ)OJ@@V>F6SDDF51+S-0(TYDFJ6A3-\D"S$5!!
M5!+-B2JBFJ@A6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H1[0G.A`=B4Y$YPC%8KUNBS;B%LTB,QO[
MX91^IGKJK=QL-R,JB$JB.5%%5!,U1`NB)=&*:$VT(=H2[8CV1`>B(]&)Z!RA
M.-77[;5&W&M9%`UA[K5H51"51'.BBJ@F:H@61$NB%=&::$.T)=H1[8D.1$>B
M$]$Y0E%>Q]?MM2[F\=1L4;+72NYX4V_5#6&B@J@DFA-51#510[0@6A*MB-9$
M&Z(MT8YH3W0@.A*=B,X1BE-]W5YKS+V61>$0)IH1%40ET9RH(JJ)&J(%T9)H
M1;0FVA!MB79$>Z(#T9'H1'2.4)S7=*]E-BS?]8'R,;=A%D6C>YA^L_+46_G1
MW?I21X9$%5%-U!`MB)9$
M*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA&)A7+?['W/W;U$T[;=6`9K1JB`JB>9$%5%-
MU!`MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA.*\7E?_,)^Z2#;5%B5#.'T^YJW\
M$&Y]17,[4,F. Z(#T9'H1'2.4)SJM%06/%5X)NOV+89H-98\_;\?MT:1#H8C
M;,([*Z\#H,+[ Z(#T9'H1'2.4*R#
MM([V 9$%5%-U!`MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA.+L7U>*
MF[`49U&XH".:$15$)=& V)#D1'HA/1.4*Q"M)2W-,+O$E7;W/IN; 9$%5%-U!`MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA.*\7E=)F["29E$R
MA-,7-+R5$\2,J"`JB>9$%5%-U!`MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)Z)SA.)4
M7U= V)#D1'
MHA/1.4)Q7J^KI$U82;,H?(N/:&:1^:*$;A_6NTO6ZX6W5
M[^C=Z_VU^`L@:F_E?#5TOZ#[I>_XA/N5MW+NUW2_H?NM[QBZ3Q8R.V_EW._I
M_D#W1]_1NT?L3][*N3]'[F/97%>HF[!09U$DF]8J0#-KEFE1
M)!NXKWQ''YG^3?):?.VMG/N&[A<6!6>_]!U#]TFI:N6MG/LUW6_H?LN..Z(]
M?1WHZ^@[AJ>:W(A/WLJ=ZCER'VO$5-+2M?_57W MQT;J_14&DI]8J0#.+
MS'>)=#-._R9YG;;P5NZ*2HOT304.S>F^\AU#]\F+UK6W :C*UG[R5.]5SY#Z63EH4?&;#T!;Y
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M5:3Z-/8GW_%RK&0PGYV3RZ%B05U7L+QCP=*BB(]&)Z!RA.*]IP?+I.\\=JY(6F MRBEV1E00E41SHHJH)FJ(%D1+HA71FFA#M"7:$>V)#D1'HA/1.4)QJJ^K2MZQ
M*FE1-(19E:150502S8DJHIJH(5H0+8E61&NB#=&6:$>T)SH0'8E.1.^U-&A@E8ET9RH(JJ)&J(%T9)H1;0FVA!M
MB79$>Z(#T9'H1'2.4)SJZZJ2=ZQ*6A0-890@9[0JB$JB.5%%5!,U1`NB)=&*
M:$VT(=H2[8CV1`>B(]&)Z!RA.*_7527O6)6T*'JPT.\E!/2Z:!F1OE$D?K+KRO9YC$`3N)`TSB`),XP"0.
M,(D#3.(`DSC`)`XPB0-,X@"3.,`D#C")`TSB`),XP"2.D"7BN*[HUKMAU "YH[0*F=(-I+@!3NL&4;C"E&TSI!E.ZP91N,*4;3.D&4[K!E&XPI1M,Z093
MNL&4;C"E&TSI!E.Z0Y:D^[K"6^^&E3?'HA#"E&TSI!E.ZP91N,*4;3.D&4[K!E&XP
MI1M,Z093NL&4;C"E&TSI!E.ZP91N,*4;3.D.69+NZ\ITO1O6Z1PS7Q3F'ZOT
MDH>E4H`MWODO8Y8"P*0`,"D`3`H`DP+`I``P*0!,"@"3`L"D`#`I`$P*`),"
MP*0`,"D`3`H`DP+`I``P*2!DB0*N*^CU;EC1 \*U=P)1N,*4;3.D&4[K!
ME&XPI1M,Z093NL&4;C"E&TSI!E.ZP91N,*4;3.D&4[K!E&XPI1M,Z0Y9DNY<
M4>_J5[]Z-UU%S]VI[SOFOR%2@][:>285M"Q^_:N7O)4D871F[A`2!IB$`29A
M@$D88!)&RWJ7!4<2J+3(9;9%WQ$H%K]Z-Y;YH"A08`I4R_3S`>85"+W8DE1+
M%*/.(HB1]>0748H1O"M&75_K/:FT*F*=A?.NB(7>DXBEY:.GRX*]&Q:)'(N^
M!QU?AMQ9^5=3%*S66]2SE[Y5HHA9,VUY@IM54HJ6T*R9ELJ=66^4/*107#MO
M+D**ZTM.1,'MNOHC]/O)DTS%^YD3B5/02TLWWR?:BYNDHN-8%+A^$I%ISYJ%
M[UHY%OQN7]&Q]H?[>OC>]M)9M&/SXZLO/[Z>.Q9XKQP+O-<=@UH6ZWKN'KI#W]
MQ^7;8L+9E&S6V?E8*XAMWT!/BIOUYU]B4]QP#.G.,N]/08(_123TEUR^V8>Y
MRS 73IN^_U6I8H+;E32&FM6?"CE(I(U]6Y4T0L\U>EB%CF#ZN(
MP)\B`G^*"/PI(J&_)")FJQ)&Y%*,'+WI:P'[7'#:74X VDDTS6SYO!=S52=W.(5+^LE4A".IGB]Y&@*8= M3-&VS
M/RE-5ET7IUQ%\R5'4S2[KIFC*9KAT9)HFI7R-=&T*VM_XHJF97YB4NC`%#K+
M?#@U6;4L$*R"8^TBJKU6K-XLNJZNI0K(I;Y*"DBEOFH2R[PIXC`GR("?XI(Z"^.B!D3UT3D8I^L
M*QV+)RL,+VL6Y'[6RW7-#"_?U0A^W'\S3)[5E9VG4$6^FXMWU=F%)XLCULY,
M)VN..)J\Z8]N@O\EAV^ #I6$V*P^KQ"=?A\@_:;!GF6!FJ89IGBV?77A
M[HJ+CH4* _L@DBFGY-2P&W72*A=5^=.T<4A%,K.[HE#*)3A(9*XF77O-7%KU\FQ
M=EL63V9@"E++XLG,,J\C1<0RGYNY8\$Q%!'X4T3@3Y963-_MHI(IFMN,NNZAC'G9&;-GIO,
M.F\N-0KE2TY$T>VZAB?"R>R9$TER8%:\U^3`KI`C55KVW&36F@7J4`XR77,Y
MZ+K^]2+.>HKFMJY;$.R7'%'![KJ^_LS98Y^N^2.9=ZR
M8$[2*`=3/%L6SWN6>>UKE%OFTZAY#_XD3?A3:.!/HSST%U_^(-PFO.#R+_;)
M-L&RN.Z5_ESIM.>Z^GEJUC%_]85C@1)+QZ)YC_ZJSL[[JQT+_#6.Y5;U`PV4
M:P1QL4\C8GRDB[A!LK=01*R9/UM%I.OJ1H4BTC+[@[J3N]%`A95D:E&,;,]0
M-8[Y(RA&.()B]((C*&KA$1(=F55Q.(R^[UG0P+A)@VF9#A[<5E%$M%V#-"N8
M;=?@:8V":5G[M&8PZ/>&O;MAXD[1M$(@FG
M6?64;J!VIY
MHVM9_.&%0?*VB!30F;E96`H`DP+`I``P*0!,"@"3`L"D`#`I`$P*`),"P*0`
M,"D`3`H`DP+`I``P*0!,"@"3`L"D@)`E"C![C%`!W[D"LEN5:!YH63P/@$D%
M8%(!F%0`)A6`205@4@&85``F%8!)!6!2`9A4`"85@$D%8%(!F%0`)A6`205@
M4@&85!"R1`5FJ_4?4$&[8XOOJI;Y18#F@I;=^L6"5	W5^^R. MT7H7WJ6)U'M2WY)".@OG70H)O<<1TZXFCM@S,^?%/MDB6!87S8?)"G': >805\(6K'W"'Z6C,/]7PW7C8W
MSDP;RYNQCZ-6\NBB46;)6,7L)EV2"DK,JS,,$4$?141,$4$
M3)$VZ[>;2B_.^
M-VQ9O,`8)L52#9/.S`U@*0!,"@"3`L"D`#`I`$P*`),"P*0`,"D`3`H`DP+`
MI``P*0!,"@"3`L"D`#`I`$P*`),"0I8HP.QOKU%`NQ_6/<1O](?C9%*4*%JS
M1!3)#DNBZ,P"48!)%&`2!9A$`291@$D48!(%F$0!)E&`211@$@681`$F48!)
M%&`2!9A$`291@$D48!)%R!)1F-W]-:*PU8!H6FA9,.,KW6":`\"4;C"E&TSI
M!E.ZP91N,*4;3.D&4[K!E&XPI1M,Z093NL&4;C"E&TSI!E.ZP91N,*4[9$FZ
M32'BFG2WA8MH'3EL63+@49SV9L&`[[HZ)@6`20%@4@"8%``F!8!)`6!2`)@4
M`"8%@$D!8%(`F!0`)@6`20%@4@"8%``F!8!)`2%+%&!J+M $:!;3%B5@!8Q_]88?/K[[^=^SAZ\?'WX7
MOS$?5NH>QEVZZKV#8*(?CI/]_7W/6D7R&(Z3]PFF@9F7A^_J6)&Q*S-LGF%5
MAM49UF38(L.6&;;*L'6&;3)LFV&[#-MGV"'#CAEVRK!SS!)YF)I8.$%8)('F.0!)GF`21Y@D@>8Y`$F>8!)'F"2!YCD
M`29Y@$D>8)('F.0!)GF`21Y@DD?($GF84M)WRJ.M0LEW-RT,QTG90/+H:E7>
MK'^;J$BS1V<6R`-,\@"3/,`D#S#)`TSR`),\P"0/,,D#3/(`DSS`)`\PR0-,
M\@"3/,`D#S#)`TSR`),\0I;(PY2>OE,>;=4JED?RS$SRL+4MG4*GHOYM8B9Y
M=&:!/,`D#S#)`TSR`),\P"0/,,D#3/(`DSS`)`\PR0-,\@"3/,`D#S#)`TSR
M`),\P"0/,,DC9(D\3%TJE4?_]HWPQS^_?GO\7#U\^OOEO8?GEZIMB4O[%B^$
MX3C9HT@OK9EYMR_0"UXE\V:!7KJNCDDO8-(+F/0")KV`22]@T@N8]`(FO8!)
M+V#2"YCT`B:]@$DO8-(+F/0")KV`22]@TDO($KV8PE:HE^?V+VTA+-K,FH_3
MQ,^C-3V`S3),Z8:=T@VF=(,IW6!*-YC2#:9T@RG=8$HWF-(-IG2#*=U@2C>8
MT@VF=(,IW6!*-YC2';(DW::*%:;;3`7?.3VT!;%8";9(%L\%>#].+\-8Q`$F<8!)
M'&`2!YC$$;)6'&^__OKP\&WVX=N'GW[X_/#E[P_3A]]^^_KJX^.?IG[1&YG7
ME#K^ZLO#+S^^UK1_\T[.+B_,L*UGVB[O\+"M;]HN#S?9-C!M%U6P;6C:+F]6
M)6WO-;^]T_]=WK!*VG2>MZ;?Y4LFV38R;2/SY@[;QJ8M[W-HKD]OON3Z# J7O_:AN78]GIU'9-G-]>G21;3/7IZ)V
MMFUBVB[OF2$NPSO3EK^&&Q,7?7MTSN>-B8N^:CC;9JY=7T*;;3/7KF\LS;:9
M:]=W66;;S+7KBP\S;7 +>=)]C@3J6*2%<5$B9ADHS!1(B;91$R4B$DV$1,E0C^?
MGHG"G MZQMGK
M&>MZ5%'.G;6$- 3/X%8YO 9_$WF5N>6O\79ISL:+M7BZ:VW#%ZBHN^>#!S5GU=??M9KE3K?5V]OGPAUT=7KT ZLO8F61G[]\-W[W/'O==%9*]!EY"]`EU`SH_Y
M4MYWEZ_(Y;69[Z%]=_FJ6;:9;Y$U_;(9UE<9J%\V7N:5>+5EQXQYH5T^LVWF
M`UB*:%Z!^BB(: @7V-72\[;6=[,3Z[S.$NUK++'6>HXJ^QQ]`/U:LEY6\N;^15Z'F>C%O-C
M]&S9JL7\`#U;YFJ99ULJM=39LZYTUG7VK"N==9WUULA;DVU9J&61;;E7RWVV
M9:J6:;9EII8B>]8SG761/>N9SKK(>BOEK Q&8Z.63;9EJY9==N.R
MO1VK):>WO?KLLRWWH_Z[>STM8DZG:IEF6V9J*=I?3TUFTMEHH): RR+? H@_!'*0Q$$Z5I77&F=XVU+3H^DE<0:#H"5C?=L1TDE"WX_%(82&\@_+:I8@
M5(!@-LJ+\:C9AH2&^@[+`I4@S&MA:\J1F;OAMH54_P ^8[DO&4W\`
M``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0` &PO=V]R:W-H
M965T EN_?!V/SDXVM];/=RN/]\]?'V[_^EC]9_Y_M[3\\W#YYOOZX?5V_V_5T_[
M_WWWO__SYL_UXV]/WU:KYSU2>'AZN__M^?E'=GCX=/MM=7_S=+#^L7J@DB_K
MQ_N;9_K/QZ^'3S\>5S>?.Z/[[X?IT='T\/[F[F'?*V2/VVBLOWRYNUT5Z]O?
M[U4(] KIUOR*,D OM?DH5WWU^
M_O9V?S0]F,R.1@G1]WY=/3U7=TYR?^_V]Z?G]?W_>5+"4EYDS"+T)XND!\GX
M:.HD-IA1:5 .=&Y+0D' ^%UM98AP2
M&8C1=G7.4"?]A>N_.X_G./EC,R?_IQXQ;')$O)WYASONY^%KXT"6GV.95?
MG,S;?0I`FE]/M'+\\6X\F[\Y_(-F^RUS%I:3Q(PUG6RA@5(#E0:6&J@U
MT&B@UT^"=&60
MI4%J@S0&:1FQ?:=,).J[WYH/7`[T_.WN]K?%FMI+Z_W`K!_1%NPW9B<2NX01
M<4#.B$^INWW7(Z-9MY.G1\E8>:,O[[W!&MWIH*MY:53KWLKE!Z0ZBE6;OARJ
M;:@:Q07E6I%O!GQ`"3N 'N>!FISIV[%1&
M*"1[IX[4&.>>D\IB5/16Z&39 R5HUZ:V
MIN>XH)M-M0/[>D@B\I8[*N[@KHX>^PM0&'?)=!)/N)Q98>2)(?I5"JN;.W,U
M(RN8S/JM B'.JA*`*3
MJ=H1 NE1L3CX=+T?SX>3D6-!T/!ENU2/F)%T `]K8B`:LN!%J;%NP7FI$['R741OGT^,_ZH%+ECZN?Y!3
M^3^VRIS L95*$^#Q8=;
M%,;_-G4UT.*Z)FKZM2COZHH][9+U?]?3/OVG\<8*ND@8 =$\GR$[N9TS#TH
M]^$J'AO/U<1>,"L\$`&2U:4`%"V.YC@H+`Q;9:&EA6H+-19J&9IW[8H]YHX%
M802^XAD^183AY:'(#0R%;F`H=H/:!TOWQ)@ B]AN&Q!5Y5Q>QI),%0R\?$H4@\WNS/)^
M53X^-HL4ETLH+VU=]59U-6#YNF:IBNL6Y0,[@$OF,?\STV&XCB:ZQ0$+$D+"D";4Q"PXGU7AR%801@"DAIK0!MK;,#R83B:
MJW-;BW(;AI1@[>1,1U?.9"CJ[5R-,C0Z]LG;D9:I8",A
MN+3*-5BBW,3*XUEB7,3=Z)3C>'/9?CA37XDW?S@($S'WFR!YS8U"/TN3N0J(
M'"QI=0%(?DHH&1H?=2Y*YGK)J6`3QA77+\HU6*+ S89C",C26+I>`TLYS,WH=(7ZZ43&!%F,$Y)(A^@-0
M#1E1;@!YY "5X^!RN?`_]QQG^C+FB]1#P?:9,T13`9TIP(HBT^RH
MS!J[)^)_O$O&H\2XCFN3!BQM;?56M36JME$R40EX"YV!0'0)O''G/SG!N@S'
MKW@R=\=ZKUB`%>RP@((=EJ&7=U@A8(0J"RTM5%NHL5#+$*5YD#\!)*T\% 9SALSG/&5(AJY@
M:$Q!':S7ZG1?"@MNJ`")-Y>`Q. \(@*2!Q6`")R,-SZP9*PT*.*H;&,QQ(LD:\!1?+'ZD%=(RS(MU;^!"R1
M/P44R%^-V1H]SO/0HXUGJM,J(*RA-H2D%16`XI:J2MKF(7*CHY4
M7MA"1BH[`225G0+:6-F9JLST[#UDI+)S0%+9!:"-E5V"Y4\E4_W[VQ7*N[KB
M"'%GR!TBA(^ *T#V&9-[
M8AWUYJ>6MTXE/GHQ%"YO@((>`=HX@TMA]3UBR"]OT?C0T_6X1YMGPCJ%[OC*O5++
M80Z"K!`%H%?&RE=&@]PIJPRK@LC`4+GS!H9JBTXY>C=4X0*A%MK%R+.H5DR!
MW$(%0V/:(_K%)CE632^%!:V*H8D R\,2X
M123UQT%H+^A'"YUD6JA@2(6-2EE*84&^8B@*&U-C+8;BF?1(/=)LA`7YULJ?
M,!3,@U,Q#.75!#H3%N3?6_ES*W]A#2\M=&6U/EBMCV(8-E4M69^$A:9>1_)Q
MC(3G3A !V^,HG85,Z!BH8-:8DI5^Q:%;5?&24`H+/:H8FLBZO+0UUF(8
MRJN,IQ$6Y%LK?V+E3\4PE%?[UYFP(/_>RI];^0MK>&FA*ZOUP6I]%,.PJ6II
M_R0L-/4ZDH]#A[*N738J1U *NJCB@W-ETA\S'
M'V7#PS,]$NYBC),N\PIQSH0H2>UM-@:49Y%A%U!JS:U0L3Q,6MJJ:K#$I8VP
MG.[H6.43+4Q$^$1,,$E/P1+A,V$%W;(!Q9T7^7,QA/R%E;\45N86*AB*][M$+ T(C1"@W$*F4X[BBGYZB]VT
M^=S9T94_G(+ZV?18I;0YVX6['Z"-*W`)5CBMTD2M^15885S;5^3!DJ6E!K2Q
M$0U842-2E=JU8+W4B-COQ/KG\WGL5-1P,!2W59U, +35BM""14/3'TW"
MZ1'[=[>'-N[G-QV"#,FBE8,E4`%(^EPR%,1.!99LODM`HE4#$JW&:K5@V=UU
MO-OCA8ZNIIT_[$>AD:9JT $%#)K&"QK`"%, *8%9+-6>H9L%Z6MWA_L+)5'_!%Y0M.H#[I4/Q'-82B#60"2)IV1[]62W,X\-<
M#!F:=;`40Y<4J9VY@D:XB/CV!#758(5--#4U&VMJH3$026$"[RX_O1))?::.
MT5^X3%LG6FFJ$NXKDH4ON["CAZO28!DA%2@14$%2"1KP&)5F.U6K!LV-!3
MP9WZ[.BJSQY2.Y/*H/.N'GH'0W:3@B$RQ/B6@*0W%:`@,*Q6#99H-8!$JP4T
M,/0NJ\0"M,70 WO%'%!X.06
M*AB*8LD;AED.6#)L2ZM5@Q7&DM%JP1J(I3#!W2*6;(([82@ PO' ;J01&^1;&`Y$J4M3=UB@?%8;1:E)A_.)@0J&H@7*LZ(%BB$9BZ75JJU6
M`T@\TP(:6*#";'N+`+'9]L1#SJW]I*"K`O'/%[FP,(*%A4H+50R%9R]`LMC5
M@*3/#4-!2+9@#0S];AGSQ&;,#*G4QRQ0G-I*.XLA0[,+EV#%:X-9H/K,6<9B
M8($RC:@A_\H"U1N*?#HR"]0KC8@6*/HFUBYSKJ/'.2>@R#/FJ,*L(!J*(4/K
M>#%\*=F"3K!>B1&BO08K;*:IK1%#5]NKR19$;4!/J9X=UK*.KOSJ%.)DBUE!
M_E4P%*YE@"3&*T#!6F:U:K""9`N0:+6`[%HV=2GN]NMW1U=]]DFRR^>"M4P_
M68.AK#\%(&EGR5`0<1588:3X&ND>NT0*0Z+56*TVTHJGE$M0=W"#SV?#;6SJ
MH7@M&ZE,/P=+VED`DA$L&:)?A5Q$SX^GH\1^=0AV87QP&T2]!DO4FVW46]@-
M1(Q.SW_JE\ZIS=H!A;,]'>DG< 3C5,:=*ANC'"1>%XS29S4;)D P48$+JUT#5882*])MS`:""*=RKL@ Z9]\B\3 ^A^AMJ&HHMY%RO+JY
M9#:,QLV/TND[[OJ9*$/Q9CI6:T,.ELR:`I"$1\D0;Z:C,:W51\=3-0(5#,/H
MZS-W]+D&2^0;)9_2$CE.$K7BMC`,(M!_>]Y_`?M^]?AUE:^^?W_:NUW_[KXK
M/W=;2P_CH_?'V2]T:Y>:HTO2"95T8VQ*R,:_@ZQ+1F,J&;09D0W-F8%ZIG,J
MZ3Y3H=42:L"`Q8(^U-^-C^(OTNQZD#_*KKN;`XK_"S76)WRZ(*&N^_>+5`F]
M`96Y=Y)L-^CMG\R]X&-+Z.V=S+V@8TL6DWGFSMJVA.9E5M)LL"4TK[)FL(3>
MU,_ 7JHA&XW
M9.[N@JV'7F"GDJ%ZZ/UD*AE2HRL/F7L)V:K1S8?,O8ML2^@"1.;>/[8E=- JN?2H9:32]M4\F0&MT#R=R;V;8>N@Z2N1>T;0G=?,D6
M@R5T`2;+!TOH'DSF;KE8-;KJ0"5#K:8WV:EDJ`5T.29SKZM;-;J5G+FKJK:$
M+B=G[L:J+:$[RIF[@3Q4,J.2(1NZGIRY.ZO6ABX.DG>&9E9.)?E@"5TCS-PE
M0:M6C&@]K0#4+RP5`]=&,\ #LI(^UF-MZ+,_F?NRCRTI:-%WWR>P)?3Q`1J?H9(%
MM 2#)?1]./+.4$^+A$9[T(8^YY:Y;YG9>NA#8C0*0VVC#X&1VE#)
M@B;]4/TY3?DAO*!E:G"^4T>&^"TM1$-X08,RU(>:NMWAA_U60/\PS8^;KZNS
MF\>O=P]/>]]77RC!..J^ZO?H_VD;_Q_/_&'*7]?/]$_2T%,>NJ)#_P31BO[Y
MBR/W] &UL(*($`2B@``$`````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````G)%!3\,@&(;O)OZ'AGL+;9TQI&6)
MFIU<8N*,BS>$;QNQ4`)HMW\O[;HZHR>/Y'UY>+Z/:K[73?()SJO6U"C/"$K`
MB%8JLZW1\VJ1WJ#$!VXD;UH#-3J`1W-V>5$)2T7KX-&U%EQ0X)-(,IX*6Z-=
M")9B[,4.-/=9;)@8;EJG>8A'M\66BW>^!5P0 &)*SIE;A8.-,H^XY6XIC.+7W7DW%KNNR
MKAPTHG^.U\N'IV'45)E^5P(0Z_?37>_6B!6D'R6DC(ELU514%+2_.JUPJ?6>)]-0#T*_)MX
M`K#!^^>?LR\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!J.M/S:0,``-$,```0``@!
M9&]C4')OZC15
MW/$SWV;;G`@G\76>9X(S2U$FGP77RJB%[=P^< <93@BQ\F"90;C\.5%_!&92]J$"6V2>&.O-LBMTATC?E':>D%GS@PZ.L-@
MP[1@TA(M9U8]E.LL-U8GWY5^-"M$:^*0#*J7Y;)N6U^+07+>+RUHM6_I/%1,
M:&.?XTS8#,W7Q81IVT#YO%_G7+*H&%>$=E6$:YG"K;24+_@DJVH+56?^',,'
MEC')$:9_!> ^EX1DPML^CD9$`MX"MILJSROQA/K>*/*Y6E
M)'^XP44CZ7W_(V96IG\W^ORB+$)$OP[7(G=H[/CP;1(
MD\2C> \
M?ZO^4))H0W````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`'(0:
M_I4```"I````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^"?PAS=V?U
ML(@D65#P!?J`D!U-()DLF2#Z>^/%2T/14-UZ?N>D7E0E%C:P'T90Q+XLD9\&
M[K?K[@A*FN/%I[-H]3L
M6L?Z1%DKN44"4 X"L-JK:N`\@8K]`ZCT2[0:_R/V"P``__\#`%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!TOIVN*0(``-P@```3``````````````````````!;
M0V]N=&5N=%]4>7!E &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+55,"/U````3`(`
M``L`````````````````8@0``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`+ZZ#');`@``/R```!H`````````````````B`&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)N8@GAH`P``5@L``!D`
M````````````````U!D``'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-2(ZB#N`P``T@T``!D`````````````````
M4B,``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`#L$[&LU!```?PX``!@`````````````````[#L``'AL+W=O &UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`$H>1WN=`@``3@8``!D`````````````````#T4``'AL
M+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`(7+M*G%`@``;@&PO=V]R:W-H965T *US`P``#5\```-`````````````````,Y5``!X;"]S='EL
M97,N>&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+-JG!^Z9@``BD4!`!0`````````````
M````Q6(``'AL+W-H87)E9%-T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`!&PO=&AE;64O=&AE
M;64Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!M6_TU,`,``)&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`&_JTMUG`@``$08``!D`````````````````YMX``'AL+W=O &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-%2LT&Z`@``
M5@&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+U/T?R&`P``Y`H``!D`````````
M````````+/(``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H
M965T &UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`'.NM)H6"P``+#,``!D`````````````````>O\``'AL
M+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`)$(8=-6$```S58``!D`````````````````FA&PO=V]R:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`$%+'C@,!0``3!,``!@`````````````````)S0!`'AL
M+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#\A
M_PVH`@``R`8``!D``````````````````74!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`!=*)^RX"P``LC,``!D`
M````````````````(HP!`'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`,]Z`VAX`@``R04``!D`````````````````
M@J(!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`$=XVEGO!P``K1\``!D`````````````````A:P!`'AL+W=O A\8$"```J!@``
M&0````````````````"KM`$`>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(04W\YT
M"0``%RD``!D`````````````````J+H!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(%FH.4R`0``0`(``!$`````
M````````````X@H"`&1O8U!R;W!S+V-O &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`&HZT_-I`P``T0P``!``````````````````2PT"`&1O8U!R;W!S+V%P&PO8V%L8T-H86EN+GAM;%!+!08`````/P`_`"(1``"M$@(`````
`
end XML 18 R46.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 9 - Leases (Details) - Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases [Abstract] 2015 $ 858 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent 2016 470 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears 2017 50 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears 2018 26 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears 2019 4 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears Total minimum payments required $ 1,408 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments X - Details Name: aert_FutureMinimumLeasePaymentsRequiredForOperatingAndCapitalLeasesAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs, including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance, maintenance and taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 19 R33.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts [Abstract] Balance at Beginning of Year $ 43 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance $ 47 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance Charged to Costs and Expenses 484 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense 396 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense Deductions 479 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions [1] 400 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions [1] Balance at End of Year $ 48 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance $ 43 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance [1] Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created. X - Details Name: aert_RollforwardOfOurAllowanceForSalesReturnsAndBadDebtsAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, charged to costs and expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs, representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized, respectively. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 20 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute;
} ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold;
} ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497;
} ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px;
} ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em;
} /* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none;
} /* table */
..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em;
} ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf;
} /* Top labels */
..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center;
} ..report th.void	{ background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left;
} ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word;
} ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden;
} ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px;
} ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc;
} /* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold;
} /* Calendars... */
..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0;
} /* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def;
} ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} /* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white;
} ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black;
} /* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn { white-space: nowrap;
} /* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap;
} ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em;
} ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
} /* styles for text types */
..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal;
} ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em;
} ..report .text .more { display: none;
} ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;
} ..report .text .small { width: 10em;
} ..report sup { font-style: italic;
} ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em;
} XML 21 R25.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 9 - Leases (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Leases [Abstract] Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block] Year Operating Leases 2015 $ 858 2016 470 2017 50 2018 26 2019 4 Total minimum payments required $ 1,408 X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 22 R50.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) [Line Items] Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery $ 345 us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery $ 2,500 us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery Other Income [Member] Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) [Line Items] Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery $ 2,500 us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherIncomeMember X - Details Name: aert_Note11BusinessInterruptionDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business, plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event, such as a natural catastrophe, explosion or fire. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6365675&loc=d3e16285-107787 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherIncomeMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 23 R42.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 6 - Equity (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended 0 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Mar. 17, 2011 Note 6 - Equity (Details) [Line Items] Preferred Stock, Dividend Rate, Percentage 6.00% us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share) $ 1,000.00 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Minimum Amount of Shares Needed to Retain Series E Preferred Stock Rights 20.00% aert_MinimumAmountOfSharesNeededToRetainSeriesEPreferredStockRights Leverage Ratio 3.1 aert_LeverageRatio Redemption Right Trigger Maximum Capital Expenditure (in Dollars) $ 9.5 aert_RedemptionRightTriggerMaximumCapitalExpenditure Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Note 6 - Equity (Details) [Line Items] Preferred Stock, Shares Issued (in Shares) 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Preferred Stock, Dividend Rate, Percentage 6.00% us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share) $ 1,000.00 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Preferred Stock, Redemption Price Per Share (in Dollars per share) $ 0.075 us-gaap_PreferredStockRedemptionPricePerShare / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember X - Definition Represents the leverage ratio achieved. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_LeverageRatio Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:pureItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the minimum amount of outstanding shares series E holders need to maintain their special voting rights. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_MinimumAmountOfSharesNeededToRetainSeriesEPreferredStockRights Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: aert_Note6EquityDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum capital expenditure which would trigger redemption right. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_RedemptionRightTriggerMaximumCapitalExpenditure Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage rate used to calculate dividend payments on preferred stock. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The price per share at which the preferred stock of an entity that has priority over common stock in the distribution of dividends and in the event of liquidation of the entity is redeemed or may be called at. The redemption features of this preferred stock are solely within the control of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockRedemptionPricePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 24 R37.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) (Revolving Credit Facility [Member], AloStar Bank of Commerce [Member], USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) [Line Items] Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity (in Dollars) 8.0 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Revolver Loan Reserve (in Dollars) 1.0 aert_RevolverLoanReserve Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage Rate Range, Minimum 1.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentageRateRangeMinimum Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 5.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Debt Instrument, Secured By Accounts Reveivable, Percentage 85.00% aert_DebtInstrumentSecuredByAccountsReveivablePercentage DebtInstrument Covenant Terms Secured by Eligible Inventory Percentage 60.00% aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsSecuredByEligibleInventoryPercentage Debt Instrument, Secured By Net Orderly Liquidation of Inventory, Percentage 85.00% aert_DebtInstrumentSecuredByNetOrderlyLiquidationOfInventoryPercentage Long-term Line of Credit (in Dollars) 3.6 us-gaap_LineOfCredit Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity (in Dollars) 3.4 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity Prime Rate [Member] Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate 2.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 / us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis = us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember / us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember / us-gaap_VariableRateAxis = us-gaap_PrimeRateMember X - Definition Represents the percentage of eligible inventory that secure a revolving credit facility. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsSecuredByEligibleInventoryPercentage Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the percentage of accounts receivable to secure a loan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DebtInstrumentSecuredByAccountsReveivablePercentage Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the percentage of net orderly liquidation of inventory to secure a loan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DebtInstrumentSecuredByNetOrderlyLiquidationOfInventoryPercentage Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: aert_Note4LineofCreditDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of reserve in a revolver loan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_RevolverLoanReserve Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Minimum contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentageRateRangeMinimum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 25 R52.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 13 - 401(k) Plan (Details) (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Match 25.00% us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Employees' Gross Pay 4.00% us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount (in Dollars) $ 43 us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount X - Details Name: us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage employer matches of the employee's percentage contribution matched. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 26 R47.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Line Items] Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent 34.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate 34.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration $ 27,300,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent 0.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations 0.00% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations Unrecognized Tax Benefits 0 us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Domestic Tax Authority [Member] | Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Line Items] Open Tax Year 2011 State and Local Jurisdiction [Member] | California, Colorado and Texas [Member] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Line Items] Open Tax Year 2010 Amount Recognized Per Year [Member] Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) [Line Items] Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration $ 800,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration / us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis = aert_AmountRecognizedPerYearMember X - Details Name: aert_Note10IncomeTaxesDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards that are subject to expiration dates. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws, in CCYY format. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OpenTaxYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527854 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15A -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=SL6600010-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis=aert_AmountRecognizedPerYearMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: ZIP 27 0001171843-15-001282-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0001171843-15-001282-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`":(9497=T?#Q`0!`-FE$P`1`!P`865R="TR,#$T,3(S,2YX
M;6Q55`D``R?2^%0GTOA4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U;7NF7URT21D 7%^?FO7[^^&.15;%@(8.@A`V#ZH-/M7G;HG__\
MCZ^TDRD"M(N+SI,'.K OT+6>[\\33M*)+S2$?T\1>(7L\525+/+0>[NF.`L^#-"_JM5?)] [K[J
M^G+S[ES'+_Z[X1?D-W*O*\E=55[_1">,BH&A#RAG_'=E9?NF"1@0&!A?7N'[
M.?DBI6'; ;;865I_J7[#\F@T.O>_W;R*T]XC`.3S?][>S(PWL-"[&PVX
M)$K6Z7RE#5Q@_[M',._X#5Y02K^=86NQM"D3_6=O",R_G5$)=M?2^_*!S;/S
ML"$#$BOYW,D)['^'ZNRE?`H"^?709F0/__%3BNY:XN-P_((\ND#^<6
ML2H?"H@1LM:%Z?7?SRXE\F?8&VG2X.OY]F?1]L^W':P?+0&RH!GOTN>#>^F+
M4U:(.+^>KY]M6MK^+J#Q/"1RW5* D5\#_%OH)JT7
M&SP0Q0$(`7/F0N/G+5B\`'1VN3?6D.8P>%V`+8G^L\"Y78"/I6T9EAO`ZI@6
M>1%;T/EV%KJUBYE+G#;]^=36,2'5IV+\8>&S2VH,%WP$?SU/[7`]/H2@SC=(
M#Z[,:ER96[D>6*ZB[+7'V"N)<1;0\7DP/B49KE])TI 4R,66H)9JF"
MF"7')[A*RJC\G.HG3LA-5!BF*V'X[=\>X17-Q4&'_!.GX>#Q42(]E"(J92!G
MZ]'DL^G1I-6CRGJD,'HT-DW+)7S0[0?=,J^=J;ZT7-V.!"R-TZ%\^>42O*>X
M19@T54::C\#5+0>8O^G(L9Q7W-RX,U^(Z70VRQ)[67%4*\4=2?'PT6!QCN;S
MC.*?,!H4E720DZFC-AIL]:B\'FF,'K71X`&B06'2'#+2;..(YECB*"L%V<8(
MG\"W'SRIJT@\^M?&%JW^[4C_Y$S]:T>Q4Y4Y6Q+6CG2G[VEVL'JKJ(P>M;.8
M`\QBA$F3+3QK_7]S+#&>WU3V:FN'2^4K03I.T;Z#%[HUX\C)[G Q8U+'M:3-359/JR6(^ZTXT7EUSE6@/.K.*]-AC*W9_9U`@)R=
M%&(U3?]H-6T'FA9EZREKFIJ=_KD!.@9OT#:O%TL$W_U`!F =_LG5/];MM?HG5O\^C?]3,O7O5C?>R+0,K:*"^D3^+X?^UO\)TS^U
MFOY]`O]W4/W[-/ZOQ^J?-`/+8)^V;@/\"-Z!XX$[L-:\J8==N`!H"AV#D(AT
MFGY\M'"8/WZ^=\#ZE:9I9X*DR6H"'.-MH2,F?9_*&L$9_!0T21LID(9@2+?Z
MOR!:=XDC.Z$30C].DY%&?AJHKLGT!9O,#)#VS:35=%K#.77#21/];@\,.+SY
M##++W\>&`3TRR7D$!K#>]1XVQ1P\VG4+LXN:IX'?+L5PR+KX#
M\]IQ=>>5'L`TQABX>+(*QE*_GG@[CF80W;"ZT)["[&YK9;EW60H[6S)[N>LD
M#DT[FFK[PPHGUD(U-9QP`?%*B+GOF[PF8=G8&OQ7X*>8H
M>ME9\`('7(SO&VZG!8=3B(
M=\C)8/)?"=`0C1B3)DW+]NA-/S-@>,AR*84?ANV9P*1\H$KBN7ZRY7Z^WM+W
M`)"O$9-5>@/B;A5HOGOIYZ096WUJMCX=PC_UPRT&PUL=D6;E)[CY&*_C?KZ%
MCN5"1!C\':R=]_/?KG^$NZIO;J8-BVCK5U:7Z@W81$PF'1!73TAW,+T0#3H1
M74QCL/#=7.DH\&05_28"*D7`>\N-$V,@:C[DLH?-NW7M0 PAW*5
MWJT]G)X]J)GQQND90*N2C0A9$KLRMKN"6I7\]"IYD%E9GUE1GT`=F??S*PL!
M@T@';V73G'+LTE+/)KIQUS?VV:.D6X$>1J"BUM;[[(UD*2XJ=?AHS%"163!:
MSAD?V3!U5$Z!/4FZU:%/HT/"_-"(T:$?"`!G2G *&C95A;X[R:5#E1^FA
M)8?L1IU0/I`2YS*^0_N=$#-%P+3;0KJQ'$"XF`+&5[$<7C>LR'.0=PQTJVZ?6MT./O<=9!\2
M5%DYGQ\0X?\C0=6\1 24]+"B([8:?]?0E
MP=<=GL*RBQ"`/?^[2(,FK0;M1(,FC=6@L!*]][MGDV:E)[CY^'S_T];?X$*_
M`DOB$RG@E'"Q&0I4,.X54[K'@D2I*VE=N< K3L4!9GMDK)OC@,Y -,`:`' S%)X+F2%4D:-6QFD:EOQ33N;P?D(6I$-35;_F-3MY"_SK>Z=DR/
M$
MZ4%4JI>M4E."_WX^6])"`%.WP1C]I`O.>,O/*\(J&_I'HC^"N>?0VW$RU*GI
M^B2*&?N*:`^B3/UL9?)WA0$S[L+I43+`),&3SP-%HC/5$]*9DC2?M&H,LE6C
MR77C_@@#$,UQK>[T!:A8RG4"`F;K/L-UH">`%O$5DF8(-L>H4^AJU#6IVC!5
M5),9PQ,.(H[:ZX78GV*&6Z3IG5;* %RR;D5 QN^*RIYOZNHO$H>O%M7R8."0D4.E9SP2N;5]U;A!?@UJO)\!4*;
M=VN*?+1.\=W!]_50%GYL1;X7D B7M$(:&"Z[79Q-K$H5I9D
MQJ9:,1VE-2F,-5'7$$XV\X+=Y%E$)R'.RM0WS3I5QCI;L1^QV,59.YN"H83C
MD/*(*_.9E!3S"4B9B]A&[1N2)389TPKU8$(59ZGA.65:O.:)[WK+ALATQG
M;LT;*CMB'7%0Z:0)$&]X:)FVK6XK+^E6R@*EG%+]II6H?M-JEPS(TC!N\L=6
M.K43.V#W3L:N7&R4-ZM_?^11116RE'W-7"NC!AY3) W-<5-R04SD@>)--$L-V
M,_SVG5R>G[:+43,5U`\#QXYY`PW=_MU#%C8M_Y*D4%6GNFT1XW4L?0IMB'03
MDI>?P(?>M'U@17I:P(@]:FQXL'P^WT_\\$999E-BM"3LR2\)"R8@A'>@@4>F
MY=64Y9#8N+5;66;37ZT`F[6@*[,52%./T.2X6?)KOOBR"6Q:(:`LLR5)K?`:
M4_HGR[&[`-1MN*8^W[MO``7!0_-<9X![(T0::6WO4EV_E*!P?^E%M42@HPH+
M=&*I-FEXO.E%:2A*P96P5DB:@24]COJ(:1YUR7]J_;VXLA*?Q9G
MX'8[2<8+^_8Z?>IU%(7+ZVS>K>MUE'##VFBM@G]^OYY"M"0S31Y#I0M&21S,;KYOEF*/V=77\_7#SK8]^OO(OZ/-/0"$WW0$L&]\5UCF)E(I>H/V=GE
ME"C**\`=%W9(D-[1#8/F]'&'J$]G#I'_D(A_"3%YB3[X]689;_YC%!#=^:7C
MCH$`O8SDR]?SF,Z-:/QR@N0AT9:[SD8P&9X1OG-=MOY(F6/LDT0(%##K4!3Y2"?A]AP.C_\!@-D^<=4Q@6`O=QM_.NNK9
MI4QO[2&3D%+]78H&R6P=2(!4>O5!CD.G\@@,0'[R8H,[X(:YG1H,[*F]00Q<
M7C_14:\FK`*6J=*H+Q;6(["I J- MP6=QI"_:'NO.B_HH((BKCXEGV?3Z*!H#7"^6"+[[N23\`T&,Z\A0D^11K/?<
MGA)!065 R#W")/(`^EX9[(S7RU7BBI:-*0
MTR;\&$\(IJ*Q>3A4^E4Q_>'H`8.I!%Y<>CHVG H'9^JC`-(;3_%>Y7&430$U<=1@PO#@9K5>_4^"[,D
M:DZG*=.".L:@#8?]E/E`(NE2EZ@>"?W2ICM9V9UP8^@3TDT!,\Y>OS]B_7M6
M-PG+J@BI,+0:J:(@"4_II.=)\GI+'==K82Q,8@C`N"W'?!&00NS[Z N01N418$S">I?,#H%CK`@CD:?;L12L"&FI#"[>3EFX@3.D[P/S
MQM)?PEO&ZTM/'0[Z*6XWJZ>D,E5'5C@$,MZK++(;,JDE'82[K>IS:L`XB+3V
MZZ,H2N#):C44`G5&UE2YQX!(BJ-&_T5FU5-[2LG^(QY!3*"HT+$]R^DP,5I-
M*$6&TF/S7KQ0,C>PDQ^1CP`L_"-FT./FLW]=#PH.^2U7'PVZNX>)AD!B%1U^T&WS&LG
MO.:X3FBG#@9,0BR]#W:"5AY)T;!7$ 61!`),L:.*90CR81$46>Y(5YI>*73&.7A;4J2OD-T!;T7=^[9
MR5($`4D/)J5=IMM$6D84YB+^]@1BWEIS-%=/9@CQC6!A_?84XEJI-#F1X*K0
M?UJF1R@1!?P?L#4)U6A@*S (U&GL2#K7=]]IR1M;F),#*75M
MMP8-]66Q,QJ""V+W(P-%ZBN]?/P!G'QC+P%20 U^!M'X9#RVJ\E ;D=L9=V=,+P[9C"#.YZ/UVV`PT-#"PIF,_R5P9&YZ3>0#AYI6%@=-`M[/?T!HXAFT N>IF>9G"IFRQU/7?)U?BD9@*_GA+NL#YB;Q17QQJOZEO0`%R*6
MX,2YFX+M0=S,).--?'TNI:.:6+CYI&A:,92$$.^=B8=IS1WV3\Y&WC+8%88]
M1->"Z,'M9`C.76WEYU:OGY`E9__):94@\/SL96/BLNA3ZDSOH`/C4A+J3>.5
M0/D]IE;H5L+'S=&T/2'BOY:5!#75>5^?$SBZ5HT7&ZF=I414UY8
M#>[:9=!N@QIOC[P:^A3HX`F80P0VYYL#?&LY_@'GZ^[H'N58*T$EQ2T@$T>3
M'E6`_>O]Q/CAGE\5%*5Y;_B/E'7\"L-LCCH@Z^+K()L%#M)<4"MO_LL3J31R
M;Q@?,?G[3]DF+0(Z?]C9DV11T(GY;Z4U?M (F0MV
M98F9@Y7&L5M*^`U([C&3EOJ4K&L9UZG,B8XM@P@S#7=6JI5+%`K!'T^L%G3-
MVJP(I%RL#I$JE9'^`UBO;[0$BD1D^BNX\V@6Z7[N_S22& IXZZ),*_'G*#8NRTPY&^:$
MFYDT(=M7I5Q>UJS,K@TT96-"&COK0%08B!F5_AE%+(F-`L)+RU4&'UM/GPZL
MJQ'#'Y1CG-#Q6>YEGOG(28&0G14O1Q^#TZJ+ 8H*TZL9O))
M+>5"F QN:NNQ)3L"W@K^95N=9$)EIE`RH)A
MM*K0=A@ PI-'(&QR(2$_4&L\4M@RZ6G"0F)^)#0YJHTS;1"UZN%!4!N21
M#6SYF$FY8U1J*P[`Z8
MD5N3_&O<93'N0.FS_./L?D?(2RRNJLQ1NC60Y]]N$41-Q+L@H&-`\/A_"^%_
M/%ZK`F,/U)20B0!R?%+\.\&"JHYKYQW:1&XZ6EU9>`FQ%6R8OH,.<>R`/@].
M/KSRB+O_;B$QDED7R-1"DG;C0)S>:\=?%-P4"!6?"\DO#34N#KZNRT,.`S91
M11[*0-%*X=[VGYB@B8%>8K`0Z/CM`4$Z)K$L>HE8?`ZG%U1T)4'3%W?_[-WM ``0)+DY`:?B\`N*7\`IV]A="^H6(+TQ>6E#]NHN>^&JBN^WVI]G"4NAO
MJCI;E.(1^F>QR([FKP:VMP\G:[.5]S:Y%/4 (F(YG#[X'D4EY)\W1W?P)T6-\O$
M^,E*4XN;YG89Q4]U79X'*$.&<3LKQM7VWL2%1HL3L#"N+DG\XCOH)PKE+D5Z
M\9A=Z26.K[@(L;7059=SX_55T[Z$@K9?0OPBU"]Q76>[N#VC/;VHL+\`L=/W
M=5HR?2$_G]&UX3>B1Z?8POB*#\2BT_[E^/2/XZN3LU-V=O7'Q SJ[OC
M2W9S=O+7R>7%U5=V=W;RV]7UY?77B[-;=G%U\E^_S.HSAQ;XRJGR:(D-+TU?
MF)S6]M;OMH?\YU\*#:>E=,ZE\7CPE^#Z+/1/>;QX)UL@W5L[+=O/K-:^3#+X
M!0>GVW9+2?O@7'2`A+TY:]()I'<>*#Z_?%.Z>63[/TDXJ?K;
MN!-HK_VI7:`DU_!$Q\ POSOPM]"=M!H8$O4T,Z@5\T#RY"7_SX
M70P7[@$]BL/=3P?;^P6.%ELK4:)4&,!+PLQ%V,.R%8E9N-N_\`+WIUHKG;L_
MLE7$ G[3Q$$OX?J,;P%J%4A\J#_[,T +,Y=_&\1C29:FMF7
M-2[+]7;^5UE?N9:^E,&K_7U9",3_YE&PM+4I)SL[37DJC*=EE*;Y,'EJ8R
MU65Q7V2ZAJ3]@K19LC.:Z3'P#I_BWQW]2_;G7(ZV#E^1I:_*T'%/Q_X#1BL^
M.PL?I%8ARC`/`*:\H8?G_-F=\/JA"E0/O.H&`V^OR3X !2!E;9G`+&I47=(C18#Y0OB2%\A YR@DGRB]M=CLR8
M.AS7@/O`,@WNA9;!D'5!_9%0K7Y(Y`(\$G\GT#ZG/*S!D3_"((4= 8H4I+=GP11M[&X&/[@";/+YV\E/$E+4ZU`CQ*
M:S.S)):!_`>9H!*8#'@6QFGW\!D,DM)]+,Y)7)-=XZL91\8=XJR%1CX@!V(!
M`TX[1)X9+*32&3*@B5@>\E0./.(V1J &SL16K*(Q,:GQ/-@]
M*L[52"0?9RA*DQT'017H$SFE'Q$J?GA!DB&$FE+DYMAG&/]E=_0RA"N&;E6#
MH:EKC!M%^9Z"!"VXURU'DIV,9CL&0,T>T& 1_,Q2\N=BA=4G*7EBH&;>3AX45_@MGB%]C'R.G1F4O7`(:*
M JKQ*3N4)#Y1#)\
M@.%B>)PV7B2.FAB`TX2.$Y(XZAK&_">/8^CO^C[@8,#XN&-R,4PC[U*8@JLR
MP\^$8(!'9.[8`%M`#=(">"P*H4%>!SQ*&\#4C)V@U.]93M#'BY++!WZ3N]9!
MHF47W-,P3N\6P:,'"AQ6D(F:18M5B17;G]EM,AB@SPESG>,P&[.893R>]&->
MBG&OR.`G^&L9=O?7)7`,=TI)+T?(ZGF>EF'$D%(!AU'(5\W+MV8OM&75/P)]
M"\L]@,&0\"J6,3@%!'O2W*/@!EAAC2*CB&/DA0"';WH0B4((`/%?;#$4`!)"
M@82C4\0$[9VVL3(Z+EKSL$>N2X-A.$&%Q?H`F\HC\T4!=.IYY`,Q,&S@?6#X
MA7T: LQ[-@$SH/Z'P5NDV $#>#4R%^(':
M&9HW$!PO77R`T``7>#`#2#)#BR@@J.CJ%S]EZ#FA$J%_EH01EQAV/R@2_-&"
M$ZA(CZ+C;KH0EGT^.\;/*8 /9CQT+8_RR\IH=,VU)4_4MG.6D%]$+X<
MJQKY\58L,V"`T?#[R=&OVI=_-W8NO>J:?4]QZ,9B@5MSGM+?S"/@HZI=3(Q4
M&L6YP]&,*2O'2H.BX>I=WK:DZ_H9YH]``+2V(U(8)IL$5LU@QLVNE\'/&`P7
ME"H?]Y0%5@V(:SJX/&Q72;EWSWN%1>AL;0UC!NC`IV,,1&("W].1N8Q0BPW<
M7B1OK1\&(H1.-!XP2!$NHU-SUC0/IYNQ*`&>JAWL5K8RB$V,(TQ:;;;+L4W,
M.^+*.#$;E^U`>+GV+;NY]7:%#=XH4D)>8XOXD_8Q0V`!!!=N,^.KQPX=1E[2
M>P5S]6[0XQ9=EBPD_PW^@Y'Z%#L=?)1XRBC&)F-?5T`KJ8,'RC@V=2#,Z+Q9
M$$E7#>A35!HMK),@;/50>CO3P!Y63:?EQ4GQ=L*]H'"/3HDPVA7IG-H94CTM
MOF5B3I
MXURZK3%*DY$%Q+AP?$ZY0<90:I,F:R48$+I>M6'S?#&ER.Q"81H\T;2T
M9>[X>,DM]]8H$&V,EAHSB+3IUE&^!&U0IL34E+6TQA:KMYG!0IWZM,-792]A
M32--9(_28R:)T"$!TSK:*QO(^Y$5SLB5(2YSIFY+EA$=VF%!3&R#']NO#-,(
MG @LR*I[R+ Q;#!"7S=P-P7N4B",B?M8H00TI8\+
M9-8U2&_%Y/9@,;G_Z:-@?--ZPZ8@">+R'P.MC='[H.'@J1,*T%)>V-O"@I5=/C7@JP8ZYYQFHDR?CE]@O);(Z(YL+N#,'
M^XRQ>@JE,QOL?BJ#\SDPW9%M;EWFT,--5WKNE&R8H#(.;412UMP?;HIF9[B%
MLB"9Y ]'ZN;EN
M*U9%'FS(WK67TKM?KV].SVY&K.H$W+MGK68KBG&A0_H%`U`7&[G.B<0T<2T0
M]JF9/F)S,/AM*8R#D3*N.!C9X$3B)A,'([50F`4\N[N?-EPJQ4OCCO\
M:>82Z^I9T7Z*%SEIFF]M7XT='UJ-]J=/J^#) P(^*2M_7WG
MDSJ?M(H*Y#"EEIBRT]@_;#M,>65, ?+5@QDG=VII=W9
M;TU:'6=SG!];`>5Q>%)'/#G8WYEOF1V:N#76-^> _0K==V;[8ESN/7&OG78BBF6U9EAJ];8
M-AWL9KY*.H&8K[/.8#S!L)+5H+4;C79COWU0+Z.QC`C6R7`XD',@YT#N-4!N
MM['_Z="!7!5`[NTMCB^(I.]H=9Q*`--V9GN37BRT,/$3ZVVU61YWEM-9SO=B
M.??V)V(#9S.KH+4.YEY';1W,O5.8VSMT,%<9K7WQ`KKS^DLG?LU>OZK2$4L#_A
M<43J+-C(Q7PE%_],4[DDAQ>_3&Z)QF? MKJW5#4-K#[,JR(,-V3MWRY*[K,W=LN1@9&FN.!C9X$2ZR]IJHS`+>'*5VYL[
MA_OO*/=^I6(Q+L^&^??N:)U.AB;1\+=@$8BQMYZ+,IY1,NF-^N]UJIFT\;UC
MU:J5].G3[GQ5V50NZ+UG&QUL.-BH+FP<3!ZH=;#Q/K/# I08T4T"%LBNP$2[X%Z?<6-$#+^@PXYO
MFUAS!+(MI)L-1-Q7?I.=3;?Q`$,`,H"Q&8TYS:*_#MNM]A%K[;%8L9WM\:]#
MP;5I`!!P(_H@&$P.(@WDXLAF--+&-O:GFL`Q#V`40*H>%EE4WLX.MM.:I*7)
M3C/&215F5Z$P>*)ZH?P'1MT9$G-.U"#BX9#B'.(>=YN'XG8$,`NP;7_EIM[G#T@S@48:Q`!833TR^&'`D!4CZ>@F<0)4D'0TRVW1>U;GKQQB8N18H`S.&$RX
MX7C/.3Q2P%_-?&DB923*(6V&`<6(A(Z'-+F>%KXDW8:Y[W/=@S]!GM,=[[1W
M!:9(:*EP_KU$P_M-=H,7_&B3*@L>B@TI*$?4L$*S:%L-D#N@UH"-8-(`VJ``
M`#_@RS[`$'XQ`3'X:"S`*=CT0?H[0J"BQ:0S37:1'M5-B PO@"#@4P'22.40_W@5E\>^R(4B%P"KV8EK?*D]I(!F$J0>.S"
MEQX`U4A>)8*HUD/:9#:P=PT,^!!D(L;.1H0&HLEND]1F1];)&^D,>H$T+5!?D;:\U04C$*+)!*4F.A!+
MB&@BF&CRB16S:$*`1BT&NNT[(Q:`BY^0WIILK/$DC.?]W>
M$;P*+KX%B,@Q:,*GM9KR:%T/ 'Z@D/H"^!N#+HW`#5@+?S$$T2'G*`2
MS%.0^!9^R)J4]9D?&AHM:4B[K2WJJ@`&1Z@3YXT**^Y`_3PK1)TC,V]AF^E4
M,/YZNWG>28'6ZK'`)>'?0Q)^D?[&;T_M_'EB]EWZOEJJYO"GA"D.?S8YD !8K:K`)H+H'R=_:
M+@`')\_2(0 PY9*N.INN762KJU?RI]CYM6(JUZ6ICZ
MU$=VUL=9G^I:GU;C&SGE+^]#;["CNU%=P45ST;5?W=314T8LLQ;=K,K9EO!XW=[?VJ
M6KD7"6"M)="AW*MHK$.YY7GV%E!NKW'P=$%"AW+597N(C]NCX 4V%P&RAM_(-&OD5[&5X^!8JQIR*#A8?,\E$#;.2
MVG6V/%U6A"R@RC(^?(Y5]/!Y>:6^?)V_/O ,RP+3
MZ(JXS,7:W7'%=#V,V5&WAR9L*"PQL[[Y\: \G/':.+:ZP,L%7LYV.=OE;)>S7>5$51=4
M7>#E`B]GO)9%Y`7RAU4IIC;*058`Q"M0>*)D)^H";O(*5-$5/GI#A8_6>>BC
M=#=PM0H>M1J[AZ[@43U/I3E$<8A21439WMYUB.(0Q2&*0Q3GH]16E1RB.$1Y
M%BMJ@"C[.Q,>BD,3=S1]8FC/X.WBIZKO"H>EC+2(MC,#3SG2:6L4\8,+`
MA-')YVX2)^-SU[0HC8>JESX-G1ODY%+\R@]$'V[V//1K'0XYW%LDI;E-92 1_IWG7.[5D&HT_IP=,)`\?-V8E1EPJM$UJM-Q7Z
M$M,Z.14O/QR]E%X_T?/+#D>7DO+*?D%[>_KV-IB+$KX,AM/UW(C4FQR,^'`@8RJ.,^Y37ECH>,I\/#>N"4E&N
M7(8/2GH"GL:BR>ZH19Z1B;29F'+H/*;7;5%Q!L/D/4&-BQ^1\##QKC!U%\#?
MMG&5Q/!IB`EPUN$!YMA-DWVW)%%1 DCO9!RS8'#8;AT<84WN?^`WS9+/?\G4Q.SX+'M99VXA780AF"
MP&7"DI66#X0!(0ES6RUP&X9^$"S2Z@$FR6==I>%AG.@0W_29+TW:7X.?G2$0`=8PL7M#4``?26KB/@Q?BVY`(CZ6^H*4=6#X(Q9D5?PS%E$+
MCS((0&EC>#53$N$WV;>Q%DE0%&!8DFHPLL,@'71%`"I^V6@RM4+.-'+\A/\;
M\__M_?MSV[BR/XK^?JO._X";G;F5U)4U>MIR,LM5CNW,\OHFL;?MF=FS3YU*
M021D<88BM?BPH_77GVZ`;U$2]2:EGO4862*!1J/[TXU&HP%3(UL&>C3?"C
M!F,WO%?;03B`WVL1U2IO9HQ[D[8E6 A\!^; 4(T_\.34!`R)AVT@8*7&K7!!
MC1UAS'?#;V-V1XRMLT\A.X-9'W$`S22,\0%@;1+[AMQEOBO%GKNVI1)_@E$"
M16(`'`A@]-4!)!*8=S3('312%4M@4OL30\[PPTNC=2P9=;3#*#F&TB#U8/R[
M"],",F;[+DA;DC*D%!ZS'53=UR%\JUZ"&9ZQ5WK,T(G`H[*]^@+FB$5):(!H
M(`4H_Z_ 6DK3`9=TS%W
MD=,JE)=&18L7,F5ZDJK%&$H_FT?.G@F:5VUDCT3-(FO; 6>WBHI*S<>
M^&6P$DGI=\$_YLQ/UEP>PTQ]$K"4LY:JH#8+!DK(.O"T_H3EPY+#V+
M`SDHY;?#Y*"0@T(."CDHY*"4S\INE11YY?T2K*N0=Q)F`I!W0MX)>2='ZYV4
M!(VN,4]')KY-X5%!"A4-9XV?/K+?;QZ>;J\NOX3*[HD?WHEGC^/NFG-0CR"O
M_)I-D$>01PLR6I!584%&&]H;).7&P@2[=7E74LXMW,RF]5B);;#ZI1(7ID3Y
MCR4PVR6X,`63;W<3^:`#K'2`=2565.``:Z>]V%SMRQ@=V@%6`I25M*CD@+(/
MEE0!6'I4A)Q0I;PJ1*A2150YV83W1K"R#+1W-:%8!H-"\F0^R'RLYXR2^2!_E`"E6BRI`+"TSS-7
M$Q"J$*J42(4(5:J(*A22)U@IM0X1K%015CH-NGZ,4*6\*E1R5*&8"J4YEB\D
MKWXJ[ST=*W&W>#'J)1I?XV"LJB7AAA7+4S=%8-5J64;>=\:V&]1_?QT:VE!^
M'5X-\,I=K&&.UP5DZU@GN)6,XY=E+A=/IF+OSJY=^8,[#K>\"0LO:7?G(/.J
M'-UJI?8L@5M3#ZS5?F6/QMR:8*5[X6"5=M,8&7B9Q&O(Q^`:@;%CX^%SMQXS
M%HNX1Y=/1,]K)C=&;KIL/HBW:?"^81J>H>YF",K\R_M,#$NS1W@!@5(5X1@V
M7A_P(BP_N)Y"LY\MO`2FSBZ#2Q)`RQP_N$LCV[5G@YC!;V\;]3,V,DQ37F#A
ML6NAB5%?.*S=K,6UY.&ITWE/M3=\0 2AW)<0ZJ#O&7C5D;IXQ'NU3T">79>-A#>TE:2#GHSA*;QW`R0WN%L!_XSN
M!P'M82[R6MT!$S8=7/EA3N3]'-`VDVTK'8961R#[K@?\8^\\]1I^\XC?O)=]
MV990KZC+4T:^R3T#+[7ACF=HQIA+,H`B@!$'=$\V5F./ZKZ-&]7L??2S:KG.
M[GW']4%W0^,9/7\M7)@ &8)/R-MKWC9KC48CT0Y\-Y,*>4>(
M+H!;^%U_PKQX(E*7Y'RR@YLPK@V@U+,=`-=;P"!=-]8;=SPI$E51`.*!1Y3A
ME.-@HO;S:$Q*0G21SHEF6R_"01;UN6NH^X:`)ML1-98ST0CB\(H+%.!W/",U
MK@#Q-+SD-5TS-4#>7R.U(+B7*-8#]86-5QAYH4V)9RP:5?.C)%JC>Z_R+V^)
MN)YD MPS4O%,ILKV%W(8!)WP.%\%7@(ARE'32%/XL(90.52]RA-#9]B40V7,F3P"MBV
M"-9:'X'3;G0]&U[HEJ=`H,``C7@WEV"F[29^2K2DM%.*AJ[\"/%#.)KA2L-G
MC]7=B](?04EU`]P-Y%9>9A9@.MHK`'_+]O`>,G\$@S0&X=+7-SWV:ONFCO>F
M@1-@A(.J@=JA4KK*EG)%J;Q"$?H`EOG(-1M(#ZZ!E(L$O*I-+A'D95.R^5K0
MFR/7$0O;J25G(B8MDO9@A>)RL"PPO1:Z#2'RX1N&&SU;8[A^4;?&*=NL7*^$
M;5(`P_6_?%=*`8*KO,)/4H8&.D$8MO(#D`C64X;%G0DX\&+$0H,8^V.Q%J.E
M5J$(;!R66]9SQBD$.GR)'\@6,9?!H>F=@$@!5EFXJ,M?3LD54](?B-FC[CI,
M,%@X $>8A!EY7U=TH]A
ML 1A7EQU!ROEF(;4
MM74U-,$"J[U(=)9V.EZL0
M=K2K=CP\2)?Y.UVXTL9T1[LO,X>ZK GF^#)P6-F
M[,X1!4_V=87($?`LUY0MQ[1I8[=COH&IZTU5*2J+I3NZ.VP(Y@CF2L>S`X&Y
M1C9K@&".@MD4S%X^F!TD&;_#H/9[UI?)N/$IH"HM`XX%P2G\5*7P4Z>9L51E
ML5-E"CR5T-LF-"$T*1^:O#MM$YJ4.HR]BB-:;;Q=`5>/:+QE!=;2Q![*!;`;
M9 M$UHFL4RFY13A".$(XDL<6PI$"W"I_,/>,'-=$I^H6DQWXIW0NX8#,
M#9U+2+&C4"T[VA E%R1#BPJ2\YM;GFOA?!"+BZ9)#))9))*
MI4B$)X0G*[&"\(3P)/L+'>I?0JYH$ZR*$$N;8+0)5BYN$8X0CA".Y+&%&.)?0:\ZTQ-_2XZ.C,M-%\*C<0MR0K15:*K%0>6\A*;4^O
MCD9I"$`HL5`&1*;!`@85R<8MPA'"$G4T2D,X0CA".+*86[N-
M3](V_$X%A"HXE1*(2VZ;:+LLQ8YWC7JC2>9HN[=+$Y*LI#Z$)%5#DA8A2 EA"L$*QD?J&DT7+`U-%@
M$,%R%6&9]LS*+D2$(X0CA".$([L*58(/Z(YY^$-G(>-GARH;=+O]8E%XLCUN
MLG[ZCOMW*J?T?8DNNU]%)X\:P@\X'%-P7H]K\%,VN,K#)VVG/+=CV4.D/+>R
M0&N5UH&4G4)Y;I3G1DA"2+(%)*$\-\IS(Q^5\MS(OI!]V30[J"0BI;@1HA"B
M4$G$2B+*;D.QE-U&62E50&3*2BGGGMC1P3/A".$(X0CA2%FSVS87H*3LM@*B
M\$GFM;T*U&`!D_(B'/XLPI0VFKN6/^L)A]B!P>*=V3V@3?_]P31:LBA:L
M=UX[;3=KS5/*&*,=_3+K$L$+P0O!RV)NE3GN^^GNZ>GNZP?6&O_XR.8XPN0)
MWZ?.*8_#Y-7`_V4GS!@PS;;`/_9R4EK+[`XO$HS#6'038-5NU\W:OUCOO$=B511`/)I8>(6J]U44G?^D\DZ-/
M,U%%E)8/O%=VH2$EI>+ZNS7CVZJ?`7>8;OM]4\R'O6/@6W$#/(=Q.;&X7?.N
MTVK6SL[:M6:C8D9X&7FLM$`2\FU'@PGY5N/;P2!?HU7KGC5JC=,&(5^9!'+M
MW0HZ7T@)E#-5ZL#6ZP>X/TP)E&47(L(1PA'"$=I270&\UOA'H91E'H+>#)8CZB _5/M%,[KIL)*!5G>D^?&DSCF\:
M\# `8,P?8]U^.6CE]SCUT+3 .>TWY&^,+I2:X^,L(CA8IIPC3'7,<1!%/7".8??W''7)O^9?&2="E=FO7%
MC/?G&)XM[+/,=2`:$I I/GY3U*?+"!_IBQ;U%HQZ#&7%\;SNK*]DT0:@$O0OM]
M$7?Y:GCPDN_YZ=T5%_M6VS`W]X_S]EH,*Z!6O@+MVB.1V;0HL&>QK\7&`GE0
M$_STYQ>88 *RKYM)E:^5[:%H0E';7`]&&YV!5)=3FZ3
M:[!>,[P\=K'U.;95.-H1&CW%NYX*]GNMYME'ESGB15@^-();JZ#@Q@L`PM@!
M'3;&W#0G;`!6A%E2&@%0!#3(!G=LC0$)`81O:=)`:>$'"9$`*?(-HJP7D!42,^(2YQL@PN0/ YU9Z7(%!C'*46
M*':4T4T1\CJTXQXP(3E%2P]IF6ZS76=_J'M5!(Q39ZXP3:1.-QPI5S;[8K^*
ME$QQ)6Z@?4@_TI45K@U`Y$$:E:_\+U#WJU`G9ZXICEDI/Q=R2S^9OOAB6#_F
M"#PJ'\CG+&0,[%1*G4[AE0)N6.A$G^Y`D2VP2K`*X]*`1(H9J#>TA(TW
MB]%5+*$G#0?G1 S%K''K)ZQO">MYX@;E@?_ _6>
M^6,4[K>M;J/6:#3J[-)3,8D:+"[=(71IXINN](SD,A0N?"RCGM!22-OVQ/^G/B![BERA4`\!D'AE)ZG4#0IEVMHUFI
M7ANN9BH'FO=MWV.?N>&PWSE@/;+^ XJ_@X/0Z\,%$W4HJ633*"M20]:LTT3
MUV/!BI&/;, 92%=\A!B4=`KNA^";@G.FQ!0X%L=170\8I\*H8*[`S(#?!E9IHHQ*8#]5)$1&3DSH
M]%E8J`"XZ- O2DD$-'E^!V@@4#=?NW;SC2-%K\67:(EFK$
M_Q:1EKM*HUS7'XV5F?.&L,1+!!9@$+8C'>R1,NO0`SPO//6J:?"^8:HT=/Q;
MCV' TFV$2(L3IB7.I8LM]PD?]7MDMF
M.V=W)\$B#5DDW>9`E"--#_9P`!-\S"@"*4Z\%CS,7L&0OVW6FVQDF"9"3^'#
M(6\;]?-EWIHZ24(J450E'H0+?,75D85\?1&F/9;XG*,?9%%E3S *AYQHNR)HXPU90G@`#A_59A5!"'>)N
M0LD><1-4)'M7ID>]`DIS&BE-H$6=Z`M0W-39JUJX9#2`I@FM%5=6'UR8@Q&/
M/*5[Q[;@LR9*OB[\RP>/8C!)L'9'ZG-KL:]\$@1095SD\O$3,\#Q`SE.,/(1
MSRAR1W?9;V/IE'VSZ_*MD\9Y;>7)3TY=$.%$)^O*QO`*;O5)SW=&;/S=Y>-O
M(0GO:T%8R?7!&H)ME,DI:C/,-%5L1BTU53>.T.QG2^ZLL6??T&4,2.4>_%9_
MK+-?+R_O@Z6C[8C8X99^=-PM,`J5/6CM/R)V.5^'L&8&0!D9:*B?;9FUX#!7
M."^&%FR$PA@M-\@"QLW!?(Z2-%QE!`[+J_+[7(*Z@3:C_`JYIL-Y1OG@EH4+H##1IB^>#4N&
M9OC``PY'OEZS*WV]4Q6)D;$:8Q2]AAN;PK!JS%8;(0I!XZ94*=U`(U)#O7EG2#)G4!BUJ_DCF>8$
M/RHVJ\PE`],$$)IT[!CH22I?!"9Z=A&L'L<0N%+X(+4*]%1720)`Y\"V/ #LQ]VGF[DT
M'_(7E7DV$>AQ85P19% QLD!_S#)_'#^X2Z?!%ZU;^$[P5VZ2%&(?G2)'I%QC+@CP TF:`Q^?'.Q1W#96Z42`"K^"U&CX`1!HIU
M&,H)7Y^=$Y=0CC"%+Z$>SS#CEFI_UJ92#IVJH8'Q(Y#ML!49']>-6-42]B'V
MD#T,5F<8EY:YI)S%9F`AG%]D\%^JTG78Q8-2DTM+OT0?1NXP_RI]:1]:DR;`
M=_4W16T"\%$#@3#=?[PYZ;ZY:)\W\)^$T2K6^19H/D_2W(YI;D_1W-T,S=,3
M(QL*WC]Z(QLNC[F.D0*YDDILU3@BV(6UE0;9#J@X>H-)JQ;XQJ&UB>!'+1*5
M`9#6$)UR=)2CY>7ES<>WWK$-'-7;I_`WO S9F?=9']")@**!U
M_P0^8^HFQH_)<9WON.+ ZMF9($8AB`#&ZB&A5'9QD"$Y2`7Q(O,3U"S@_V(!,*T?H
M-!PE93*93N`J&W#6]X)M\AKFE;J1$\]?DQ`;)]AXP=#5KGCBJ6C!!(X_P-K0
M5O$:;$PEIT='+1"Q0NF632E*T
M(- D4!&`CY)1KI8&V:GLRD*!0!
MC-F:'[I:'(C[\!BR^FZ`V:R?P2DCI)C>$\%%LR-=DS!F)5%?II;B-J&A*P_D
M7>!'O`^E%H4KDKN:?"D( !@B!=,D $VF#'9Y0`KX;V
MJR7]'8N]`_%'-1#OT3V2GV80S3%FO8JIC=(I24T`["Z)3N:8+4*/O16S
M*U4=EVVCD_IE*[=5+E ^6Y"'N]"&J
M#..R$XPXZT&"51"HQTMG)@OD@@H+4]W/-$O>SLS=VCPK*E#O\UVSUCH_WP1/
M#K[4Y_M-^*]D:LC7S]_-Z3;(U=,-P:56(4*6*J/+NM)?--R) 7PI?_)^W-_>4^&68]:T&=QY
MCD.[65(KN);85 ;V7.X58;^W9A
M*Z985F6&;5IC6_)@-]-MOV^*^3I+!F,!PW*B03LW&JW::>NL6D9C&1&LDN$@
MD".0(Y#;!LAU:J?G/0*Y,H# $=SM8
M"JB?\#BB[,PL?MOW=B_^F:9R20X7OTMNBY5-&R^;
ME]>X?;.M$WDE'5;8 $\D_G497467GM] ZW-PYW#^BO?=OMB?B\FRX_SZ(XG2&Y?H.?!9L#&*L[>:B
MC!5*)AVH_UZEFDE[SQTK5ZVD\_/.?%79UU[0L>\V$FP0;)07-LZR!VH)-HYS
M=W@.CU?=)%URKWCNBN&3;YBX`>K*C=V;?_O&&+>"9RP?YFRISN5GL[ ^DA^Y;MBX)O,
M-`8"-]H%UX:,NZ[PX!=TV/%IUW,X`MD)TLU&PAO:>IW=3+?Q`D,`,H"Q(8T)
MS9*?>JUFZR-K=IEGLW8C_G4BN./6``BX*X8@&,P8C1T@%T 02C`%*=29I%^>VTL9UFEI8ZNPX99]A6>!4*@V_L9\OX#XRZ/Y',N;)'8VY-
MY#I'R1P0\CAJR(I&/@>SY0
M(:6CGF^+CEF=?^6P)D:.F;:+,P83[G*\YQR^LH&_#M,-=VR[!LJA3(8!Q1@+
MQYO(R=4 \..X@;+@
MH5A++LH1-930%&VK!G('U+I@(YCA`MJ@```_X,TAP!"^D8$8_"H6X`!LAB#]
M?2%0T3RI,W5V&QS5#8@*.V2Z[R`P*3HD0S1@C.?XFM14^'O`M:`.IAJ*4@DI
MQ-R5M>%CV;7_`CID%W7V!-P64A$M._56>&I8*ODLY693.DW2/B7M3PG$Q)F7
M(J\D0D.`415,)S@_AIQT3/>28`3B9]K6\PGBB*ZDQD7I[`LV%&`PD.D@:1+E
M4#^XTI?7H;`$(I?`JUFE5FF&H_DC,)4@\=B%;F@`5)&\&@BBCC.1268C==?`
MB$]`)CSL+"+4%'7VZ`?FTG4ED0Z"IR.'%`A_@'XR>6U@VJ\N/FX']OC5\(;R
MJ>F1]9-&.H1>(,T1J*](6]+J@A&PT&2"4DLZ$$LDT9)@29,N63&+)@1HU&*@
M6ST3L0!%_JK1N.U -+?756XM^CIELO1G7E'\":X>`@0D6!0QJ=5FO*J
M7`_IX+X;@!7S3@SPB=0GV_`-2`M=!]34@ZC`R58)Y,7U?P(ZU)7I_)H:'1
M,ERIW (RG06CX6T";\
M,6S"%^DO?GHJ\V?![-/V?;E4C?`GARF$/_N R2)[0MXI(4N96%(!9.G4
MSII=0I;2>*H4;BVE6_N'[?R-22MCQWYVA%N=^LAD? ?S:7;BJF\B5.B*?]K-A&>Y0Z.S9MO7I-/L2.[4E
M3(HKGXTJ?W93"8W8 5Y=@@H
MUZV=+2Y(2"A7'F=_@T'L[=X`6,D)V*F9H1NEYJAYB6^4VGLR7@5ODFIV:NWF
ME#M=;DMSZ-=)$=@1V!'8;0/LVK5FMT%@5R;=G>-:JY^H.N*\`Y%WLA"8*O26
MGZ"1C&`OP\-#J!AS+?I8?,SU,S7, %UK**'W^=7ZDO6
M^1MR/5NN)2@2%;;GV;+)+$5SR[@4F$8JXC(7:SN]Y8.+%03233A!"R.NNV',
MGJHM++RI,,7`5F?]T)BJ@A!\ES)>A7%VCKCFPOO"GE=&_!F4[$%""O07/UV9
M,C)'EV)!B$:(EAX@(=I!%:8Y.D0KL(]$'B_9AQ+5%TLQ^Y\?GKF50&@]5+WT:.C'(;"A^XP>B>_L]
M#[VMPR&];I$MS88L.[%7G"N+)2S`FH/87-C,=F_[.+9[=SFW-R&,+M*#Q1L&
MQ,W9&Z.T%5HEM-KM5N@ZIC4[%>L?CEY*KQ?TO-[AZ%Q2MNP7M!K3M[?1WFDY
M?:>]P]!^H@@5N"RFW6[,MWX41=AZ%&'[RSJR/1NW/8N+Y9+M(=M#MF?>GEBK
M2[:G)+:'%DF':JBF=IW)4)&A(D.UE!;UIOA!MHIV6POMMBIF[:P0^*6FJ6+3
M#T(3QHMDUHRYF+-S>O`5P2,V.1&;9$5PWP*'!X^'.4`E%@;7?!>443C,[@/9
M O%-C0!WWJBSIYDBSPD$VES/;F'SCWYN"HJSF"8
M_%G(QL6/L=!PX]W&K3L3/JO&;=^#5RWNUMG]XHD6=2 F&&_37YZZ:/@X/O!A`*LC$T(!I=`P-.G.@02DGR=>5M(E$
M.R"T0T7M)*YZ/TN\#/Q+]S6AUY@Q`.LB=/S8GP`18`U]E1N"`O@JI<8;PO`=
M,3"EB,=2GY*R/@P_8D%8Q3]DD6SAU3!-4%H/'@V51.AU]C76(@,4!1CF!QJ,
M['"1#GE%`"I^WFA"M4+.U!+\A/^Z+DR-;!GHT7S'P8\:C-WP7FT'X0!^KT54
MJ[R9,>Y-VI9D#; `ONU
M(7>>,7>'">Y8,)5JPGE`-?[`DU,3,"0>MH&`E1JWP@4U=H0QWPV_C=D=,;;.
M/H7L#&9]Q`$TDS#&!X"U2>P; 02>
MT2!WT$A5+(%)[4\,.\37K4+J)]\P]4B"1 :P#&/8!1`JC-)LRB_G3:VT\S24F?7(>.DLH%EL%S,
M!=3L9TMZ40#KR2M2$(XD]P(0D*TP8:&9RK]@!<54$HA%K=DK:/O;=KT7/S,"
M+)0&`QYYVZFW6?!%#>T@&BK@MSFI!S?D!,Z;QL?HD2M.*G!P!$(OD`&`TY\E
M//`7@`>:W_27.=?)N$-LS@D'.G9`#(#5LL?@KAEG.C]22D>=_/9IA?X5+(&+
M/#-M-#!H;5QN"OF5+>]``G=D;+N& ,`*Y4K)1$;)\@)$%^ZM@98Q!':
M(C5)PC%LE`!IL4!['\28&XX;J(L!D&IE+A(JVE8-)$^Z:@;FNP+>H`@`/W1E
MZ?"-#,BH>XA"$0[@!JU=7PA4-4]J39W=8HH5NC^*J+!#6*JH!8BD0S($;`*`
ME*^%R;+'TVG_AJ@*[D,X>6E-XQK)3;QDA*:CF
ML]2;36DUK0AR,ZQ#S%0.5>`?(K0"Q/`^SMP$Y\>0DPZPX05>+&B(]7R"2*(K
MJ9$+0W`5AP),!C)=^DOH6(%P!`O;UR$L7A&[X/_DVA#4Q'`T?^1ZRB%#=PU7
MA)&\&D[6XT?O?!+ZI1&AX`JQ1S\PF(%CJ-;'H9LG[\Q2^*>!)\0&Z`KAXW9@
MD7'Q+)^:'ED_::9#\#6 7-I,4^1
MG7+;? :D^^:BW6O@/S%-R1ZF=*QH]RD4:,?=
MM[/==]K+=!^Z3%?H,5TE')AU.=%X @(V,Z$(@MI
MURQD3.@VIX/SX":H19\,+;P;P.K!.S%@-:H^V;X7A`;>HXL%2\*_A5?/+KGQ
MTU? 7[)&H661M6^X+-+[6VG:SI*S<>."7P4ID.D11X%Z%V?.3-9?',%.?
M!"SEK*7N4YH%`R5D'7A:?\+R8 W*C,I;=^>)`#DKY[3`Y*.2@D(-"#@HY*.6SLELE
MY0X/?RS!N@IY)V$F`'DGY)V0=W*TWDE)T.@:\W1D[ML4'A6D4-%PUOCI(_O]
MYN'I]NKR2ZCLF(AXXMGCN+OF'-0CR"N_9A/D$>31@HP69%58D-&&]@9)N9%5
M$M;E74DYMW`SF]9C);;!ZI==E-SXA=-O^Q!&9[*IUW+^5LIZYEIG*VY73?
M2P0:5,XVQ8Y.>[&YVI 353_(B^F=OJ5K4VPR49RE<
MDKO%BU$OT?@:!V-5+0DWK%B>NBPBO(9Q[#MCVPWJO[\.#6T8WBXIKP;`FQPU
M1^!U`3.O'DW'\ -^AF+;B?V9MQ_"D^=SGNJ7>06H-EW_.3?
M6(>L#"7U$H?"S7D7C36^7[IW@]P+SYIO+F"8J9OH JWT"LHXWI\J;S*06@`Z-X2F\
MDP.D.KAW`?^,[@X!S6(N,EK=#Q,V'5P'8D[DW1W0-I-MB^#&XM$(+WKV
M!1>)XS>/^,U[=2&W)=0KZF*5D6]R>6$RWE]L:,:82S*`(H`8O-Y5-E9CC^HN
MCAO5['WTLVJYSNY]!R_O\D+#&CU_+5R8#Z[N96Y4<7A`7W/T6WS;YMUAJ-1J(=
M^&XF%?+^$%` W9%P;0*EGXTWOMX!/NFZL-^YX4B3BH@#$
M`X\HPRG'P43MY]&8E(3HDIT3T-H7(>]Q[W/7LZ'ZKY$U'M$(VC@
M6=ZC^`&ON/( $WC&GMGU$4]7\P"M0UE72&7;\UOL!;XZN$-;&[B(B9Y
M\9'K]SV':UXHE]E>P^Y"#).N" ]R6G8*Q`]Y9:5L3H"#J,DKI%)J']/EJ@LRY3UI
M4C3P[E1W6F&GY89NG\^YXC1ASW7#E-R\N7^L` 4^2.\'36\AM/U38^]VKZI
MX[5JX`<8X:!JX0WORIQR1:F\9!%=1L/RD6MX(7-P4:1<0^!-;G(%(>^BDLW7
M@MX FUT',(D0_?,-SHV1K#Y8VZ5$Z99^5]
M) GFFMU 6"/_[Q\N)D?`BXG#_/"KCL(:<4T
MI&ZUJZ$)%E@,1J*SM-/Q>H5[_/W\L/$Y
MP[2C3;?CX4&Z"N#IPHVE%>O]Y1"WVX,*^Z]RBB6[IHUM9@JW G0@D0#K;XZ5F#3EHG
M.OTF/!4=YN.Q:6@R=N+9J=WQQ0F/=!*;LH8I:WA>[+-9:YR=;H(G!Y\X/!7X
M)2PA+"$L26%)YW3QPIBP9#TL63M@N!DO=2,+Z2/R9^_3R9A1GM)NUHV;L3M'
M%#S9UPTC1\"S7%.V'-.FC=V.^0:FKC=5Q*@LEN[HKK@AF".8*QW/#@3F&MFL
M`8(Y"F93,'OY8':09/P.@]KO65\FX\8'@:JT##@6!*?P4Y7"3YUFQE*5Q4Z5
M*?!40F^;T(30I'QH\NZT36A2ZC#V*HYHM?%V!5P]HO&6%5A+$WLH%\!NE"T'
MC[2$(X0CA".$(V7@%H4AJQJ&O(].,AO6P'9&LI;`AXPD;"7P2":'3`Z9G#RV
MD,G9GEX=C=(0CA".$(XLYM;:0< >5\B/7;JN7M;'
MG R#P1CJP[7L(1PA'"D0.+T,[QB=L4Q$UT>CVW?G;&TR4O
MEZP362>R3J7D%N$(X0CA2!Y;"$$)X4G)%.K"H+#FWN>6]%L(+N;ADDL@DD4DJE2(1
MGA">K,0*PA/"D^PO=*A_";FB3;`J0BQM@M$F6+FX13A".$(XDL<6PI$"W#JP
MX"2EC"8%Y(8[EM!KS+?&W-#CHJ,STT;SJ=Q`W)*L%%DILE)Y;"$KM3V].AJE
M(1PA'"$<6 .4M+N^TSFGW?42(VS)C0[MAJ78<=:J=[ID9VA_G1"%$&4C
M[#CMU5M35T@3HAQ"G):VXRFP4`5$IL`"!1;*Q2W"$G//?+#U1E@FO^!14E*D,Z$H&APP.&9RMZ=71*`WA".$(X ->J-)IFC[=XN34BRDOH0DE0-25J$)"6_IYY\
MU)W.-:6*DGVI$DLJ8&=.-F%V#][(4+XHP4IY6$*P0K"2^8621LL!4T>#003+
M581EVC,KNQ`1CA".$(X0CNPJ5`D^H#OFX0^=A8R?':ILT.WVBT7AR?:XR?KI
M.^[?J9S2]R6Z['X5G3QJ"#_@3VNP4_9X"H/G[2=\MR.90^1\MS*`JU5
M6@=2=@KEN5&>&R$)( V)'!\^$(X0CA".$(V7-;MM9
MU_8J4(,%3,J+:X[Z>[IZ>[KQ]8:_SC(YOC"),G?)\Z
MISP.DU=,&/`--L"_]C+26DMLSN\2#`.9SV_!E\^W3U F4I]*XUQ7$L.*RV(
M!'9;45P"N^5Y=A!@UVS5SMN]6N^\1V!7%D$\F%AZA*CU5A>=_*7S3(X^S405
M45H^\%[9A8:4E(KK[]:,;ZM^!MQANNWW33$?]HZ!;\4-\!S&Y<3B=LV[3JM9
M.SMKUYJ-BAGA9>2QT@))R+<=#2;D6XUO!X-\C5:M>]:H-4X;A'QE$LBU=ROH
M?"$E4,Y4J0-;KQ_@_C`E4)9=B`A'"$-5@\?9_!4*(Y=)DRF8
M0L&497C7:M2ZK0[%44HIBP1ZVU%>`KW5^$:@EV4\V=M-(OD*W'V2W/T&W'U8P-U+TQO:_O,0A,V#MC33U\'Y-BSF#47V
MJBR\(4NZY4SCIN:;W#-LB\$Z#;['Q[U7^T0SN>NRD8!6=:;[\*7-.+YIP-_@
MX.-M6S7Y])4]&G-KPH9\ZK(MH?F.X1DP!-OW7(];.G[-/78M-"&7"NUFC;4:
MS8Z\J@L^M.OL"=H C01K2I+1NZ1\5%K["+8(
MM@X6MMH$6X&JH4VLVSPA@]N_PTNZ&VMU0P?^!
M87%+,[@)[;J>XX_DQL"KM,BZ2+_\K/OGCQS/OYP
M$^SNW`OG$?=V[F$1J$V>Q`_O$T[Y!0NGZY?PC>B"S$?TS:^-%T,'7CQP3T`;
MN*3'E"[?,KP',?C'FS&,Z`U6(/*@2?F-UOO^&=2B^2]N( ['83N(@?WS!=
M:,:(F^X_WK3>7#3JC=.8T"+=7LRG]9X[=\ZC!Z_HOW/3%^&88VI]5X Y9
MANK&]TOW;I!+:^/-1;/1:,RB=5:W.;S]RO^RG2L?5CTC($/-169&BO+R8H\J
MOE6E?HHW#Q5Z]EK-LX\NHD[>XYX5G_T?450$M6_ P@IU!PYHG^Q0_QK:+V`%?!]0XAOLW0(S&?4`^; 0%1(SXA+G&R#"Y`]SD@X&`WKU90XRX,-,/
MF+-WNC_3M"/+])3:`7>!K\^6,3`T#OV%K$N+24W9"-L2\0.."+:WY?[X&(3W
MAX'2`]/3;?PD19Q;:I)3CS8[/Z&5L'V'<4VS?;1-#E@RXT7N6>?MM-<81[D%
MBAUEO5*$O`[MN`?,[$W1TD-:IMMLU]D?ZH(2`>/4F2M,$ZG3#4=*ELV^V*\B
M)55!1C_/C]D9O"?5!,^2:\KW(HWT/*IGH,?K^S1/B(^F;*K>TF7,5Y=. -OJ-FJ-
M1J/.+CT5(JTQ#:8(NC3Q35>N,&54#!:T\+FU5%)J9'MR72Q^P/)>+:C`A1L'RPVY>@>"BC@IA43L8EHL<2BWBI67
M(^1Q*OBT5,P)V)F*.N4V/^TI?>:&(^-0=X//893R-@Y2JB&0 ^],>@'X*#=ME]&*(4
MT'0$9T>@O@:QHB"?'7^'AZ%7!M(N:E$<2";5UV0P
M0+--$X-+0?B+CVS',_ZC5#7,F%=ZI7''F 98!UEMJND`@XST&%X/+:HL!L!-8!4LQ@,B)0K@`S%5X4X9#
MP3:S9V&A(&`D3]/$V(N/??P&@`1_R8BUA,Q+,-D`IR!V@'2.Q&D+S"YVB+`Y
MXG^+2-I=)5FNZX_&"G.](?>2T4(8A.W(-?-(V1CH`9X7GGK5-'C?,-41#?Q;
M-US-5,%-6UYE@`/!GF>]HWK1@990:W,9A>_-(B M`E-KI$L=;W4P
M7"#CRG;)OYG:_8OY`[QP/;4S$$QG).W!'A_HA8\[-C"3B=>"A]DK@/K;9KW)
M1H9IHOH5/CSTME$_7^:M0A&2!3.?L^Y,O'$3C&F.WU%HA^ZD^^:BB?M>21]D
MNI^UB3F?M C)84*0_"A;G0T)6[!J4W[3&B0_`XN4*R< ,$?SRHNR&/$8('LZS"A^&BL;=
MA"8^XDZZ2/:N,%J]`IIU&FE6H&J=Z`O0[M0!OEKHZ!M`TZ2(DA40C>RZ1H[*O6-;\%$3"1>Q$N;M+Q_,]6"R(\V\
MM=A76#*K?0FY4+Y\_,0,UX(X
M@^N#-0;;+).GU"ZS::K%NEKVJ&X ;9E5XS!7."^&%F08
MP!@M-\A2QUWWNJI4>D"_%TD$OS>%P&3*L8X%AE/P:PF;8B1$FC+
M._I!M"98%:@ `YIEW+&2M`-%!I%6,BE%4XUB@BW+%R'A+E@??%L6#)2P`>P\(_=
MS697NING*C`@0P?&*'H-4P:$8=68K]Q@0^80A,NIZ)2]U`$UNRH-S?W`WAGO
M4?1\$Q=#GF.'1E>%$##>$:A#N):"[P%=HE6MEQI>$"(!$95^1WK5I0`&7[#'
MH38);)IIX/AQ3(E#((+&3:E5NH'6I(:J\\Z09,Z@,&I7\T ]WUB
MTQ=3)J3OA#Z2Y0$1`B,Q/&)GD!44I'=(WPEG/^PZ`X'X#3PV @Z'>Q!A=R.;F[(S]2G7;:-CH5.*F]HFU:LJK005JQ,O)@3_9N<>6-9:HJI%VJBMC(74YD7C&@
M4B)L^2^4W9G"$(SD<85@9(\3F5> 594H"K&NV:M=7Z^"9X$&,
M]YO@$F$)8 3W`:\9E"\F5+
M!K)D=RII=TZ;6:M#-H?\V!(H#^%)%?'D[+0]WS(3FE",]>" \*U,KK_\SWZC;KN]5;F'&ZUL6\7MF**
M955FV*8UMB4/=C/=]ONFF*^S9#`6,"PG&K1SH]&JG;;*>R/SVB)8)P1R90"YPPN.%T32(XJ.8YE5)M.9L?!P>/O0@GA;9R>9M8&9#/+H+4$OV2/!
M//ZC0H<9R2(>HD4L329H!2WC"47-2BF&A'?;T5O"N]7X1GB7X!GAW0Z6`NHG
M/(Z(O\:7A!6[XVOZPM];2W,$=\6U4/^^M7JZ@,I$E]G+>5>FKS`7VZ>]UB;I"ZK%
M7`MUS6AP;^ZEI=_A=8R7KBN\S3#VY+2YB/`BM&Q_1(6GXNRTO9$!%53'^^#$
M]"8FH]MK%E3%H-=E0*X`H<5!X[17%#22E!8@%0_=?(G/W&Q&QIOM`GS-]%Q$
M`)8@MCAKFX5X.T5MEERU)7L/ )N1SM.S#%VI/J;NXER"AL+ &S**T6Y>1U?M'KL%X1N,(EY3@RPU*YHF486?$&W@^:%
MPNEV4+H==(-$T^V@94.GM?B7DP9[L'5WK1[>#TK5^!"-+ #5D9A"GARI3L,,H?[1Y3L] @O!!L%&>6'C+%O!
M@6"C-.E(*VXQ9O:7/ROGBIN_^AQ+IQ(:],:AXXDGK;)\,
MBN4PS#2:7/F.`Y]H;WL*#K>R?W`D-0C+QP(*^QU#V*](?ZD@87JIM6#V*6!8
M+E4C_,EA"N'//B=R6?QI$_Y43M5HPZ*J&Q;WW/%<>6&9B^OOG`L;MJ)R=*40
MA1U78D4%PH[E/2MY:'%'@I.5=(C@I$IPTNYU:1?CB.HKD5^*G3[P5S;BL)PU
MN$DN*=F0"K"D`K:D6VOT%B:!DCTA[Y20I4PLJ0"R=&IGS2XA2VD\50JWEM*M
M_OW87KNHF [9M?2I66V:GMH1)<>6S4>7/;BJA$:O8
M'>EGM4[CM*Q6KE(WI)?0P2:4(Y0CE).[7V>+2Z`0RI7'V=]@$'N[EUQ5-W-Y1;$N 80U4H1-W^S1Z&7OS,GI
M8!;#BA*Q@#N=L^8,]A0A`M-1\&8?6Q/N.JQH]EK96T[R>I@])84)6Q!D?..HWLU5MY/6R`D`4 !'ZK>5Q
MZ]D`0%#W/1U[C9P5MBB+V;).;_G@;04-U2: /9-B8*NS
M?NA159D(ODOM:!?>P5XV%W1ASROOI-R;+X @?R 4&5%EZT\"+CM2PB%]@_+$NQNF@/L@0@7H+"'M>B
M[S'#=7UY:;EFNUZEJGLOTJ*!4-4_]$:(0
MHI0141J-#B$*(0HA"B$*^2B5525"%$*4E5A1`40Y;6BOC`.^]Z#AFD'7!EAC:X@EII4^45W9"5AP'8-4&YN/_^O_\\O\]
M.6'_]Q]??^_\/__W_VAC_\>?5O= M_^G?75W?3GY]^O?M[>^M/^[%H/4_U___
M?S8FS__Z /=QZEYT?XKS_WY/KZ_L_K#OQ;^M__GOBBM\]][/C-1J?_^77O_XU^;W_K?MKN]7[<3/Y\ _OI]\#A\^;7YI_-WO_^OL=/^MS\^
MZP^__/GYYG?]?_4_1?M_)M_^Y_J^^;\W-]U__? 8CTV?=\1R39?O-C+"Q7[+TH06^O-0FV=4"KURV25M"0I77VZFN4Q1LMP)J#
MV.#;3,I%^SA2+G8YMS T/-Z!0IR2=FR7P!NWM0-E92_4$[?:>\PM)](7@4NQ&JW&_.M'T7R
MMA[)V_ZRCFS/QFW/XH+@9'O(]I#MF; J2[2F)[:%%TJ$:JJG,#S)49*C(
M4"VE1;TI?I"M*E_&PR;V%Y=(A 1\Z>"9I7;&"/1,TB:]MR7Z#QY9[>*BDK-_Z)F_+8,I]3!6?V'W/F
M)[GTW3M[=L5,\6Q8UE(%E&;!0`E99P\8.EI+#H=R/,IFA $W!-R3ZK@
MGEP-N?,L=.;9Y)ZLSTP\S,&X5;A,5J7 77T)EQTWS$\\>Q]TUYZ`>05[Y-9L@CR"/%F2T
M(*O"@HPVM#=(RHVE,WNP+N]*RKF%F]FT'BNQ#5:_5.*^A"C_L01FNP3W)6#6
M[&XB'W1VAL[.K,2*"IR=Z;07FZM]&:-#.SM#@+*2%I4<4/;!DBH`2X]J$!.J
ME%>%"%6JB"HGF_#>"%:6X1;!"L'*HD/PA7.BW##8SUS*DRG+Q9O9RM,=]JI"M.%NEN*Q*`4
MQ).-=9;@^Z`@T3R29U>5SA+?ZRQ!_0Q*INM\SV\F/B7,#/T?;[X7??ID]KB^
M2QYLA"-GYTMP)"9NTU*WH*YYI[=EJ2M`8JN;HK$US _W`WN.$.5K5U[X7S"/P3G[AK:-#$M6'Z
M'C"3ZN9G/8Z5Z^;/.SL_?3-Z!9T,XD&"!^GZ`:-AE:7'QD[V5E`YUDX,(F`A'JQ2G(7`M?PG
MN@E,"1`($*H`"#O*)R5`.-BR*6,RT79?Q\=@T-!DX\6P`M='(
MMJ!'&-WBK1+*X:;]1MIOG,..=\U:X^QT$SPY^"W']YO@$F$)8 "JAMTUH0FA2/C1Y=]HF-"EU&'L51[3:>+L"KA[1>,L*K*6)/90+
M8#?*EH-'6L(1PA'"$"Y@9/-$,#0UL9R1/27_(2,)6`H]D
M $(X0CAR&)NK1UTW&+N[+0[J;XY'V>D=#M^['F%
M_%A9D(>)H$P/&X-;&YP+XY;.QMSQ#,T8@W=K/2M_-^OCSF0BN;E;'"^9)S)/
M9)X(1]8=+^$(X0CAR(%%:.?XQ&T*XB8ZO39 ;KDY9)U(NM$
MUJF4W"($)X4G)%>G`HK+DW.:6]UH(+^3BDDDBDT0FJ52*1'A">+(2
M*PA/"$^RO]"A_B7DBC;!J@BQM`E&FV#EXA;A".$(X4@>6PA'"G#KP(*3E#*:
M%!"\T%SH->9;8V[H<='1F6FC^51N(&Y)5HJL%%FI/+:0E=J>7AV-TA".$(X0
MCBSFUMIQ2MI=W^F (6X0CA".%('EL(1PIPJ_P!2MIA3\[Y
M;Y:>*,N$5WP**LI4!G0E@T,&APS.UO3J:)2&-80?U^"G;'"5AT_:3GENQ[*'2'EN98'6*JT#*3N%
M\MPHSXV0A)!D"TA">6Z4YT8^*N6YD7TA^[)I=E!)1$IQ(T0A1*&2B)5$E-V&
M8BF[C;)2JH#(E)52SCVQHX-GPA'"$'8W2$(X0CA".+.;6
M;J.75!9\IP*B$DFGO5W+'_6%P^Q!X/!.[9[0)O[^X9HL6!4M6.^\=MINUIJG
ME#%&._IEUB6"%X(7@I?%W"ISW/?3W=/3W=A\FK
M@?_+3I@Q8)IM@7_LY:2TEMD=7B08A[.>7X,OG^X>KF\>(K;T35C%LF:].89A
MVZ:A?V1'=VIXL>5;CFG3MG''?&NW6[5FIUD[[TREOI7&.*XEAY461`*[K2@N
M@=WR/#L(L&NV:N?M7JUWWB.P*XL@'DPL/4+4>JN+3O[2>29'GV:BBB@M'WBO
M[$)#2DK%]7=KQK=5/P/N,-WV^Z:8#WO'P+?B!G@.XW)BTH+X'>:GPCT,LRCD!O!TL0]1.'<>.OO_SLNR?/G(\_
M/&I#H?NFN!ON#==SC#ZR+T43/*3\_@QQG?8L]GQ7)T$?/>#]5X'+B"2]K3<7C7J2
MV$747&R%^LXLWE:"^NY,WD>ELC CFS?\MR[0?3S
MM?%BZ,+2W5OK$O[FCKN#&9)%FN/AK4[KQ:Z'O=:DRDJR6QEVKH#\9NF[P[P3
MO"%F@<2F""H$'"L,877@PR&TRC"$3>I6H5%L2YPVJ2TK#>2/(.QWJ:)^WV30
M[VX@&W!O7=<7NJIA%@UGHWIQ^^WSFXO>^6F[V3Q-2%91JJ;4?%/#65%'RCJ<
ML]GZDCRI&,NLW7>[O7.>V497J%5
MB"2]TVJ>G;6;C95(WQ8T%%K#*/(;K>Y9HW':*!/Y:]@:.:A6H]OJE`@*5K A>8[AF.W)#AJ [NX_L/\Z[>!_DB?2$KRK,N,T&U4EY%QK
MN6AH>[6C?,4Y.U,J=U6.0A,`2\[ 1L'^V"
M1=W&S,V8%5G4:H."@W[OA$4/PN2>T'&/=?+DOZ;[8D8;MH?6,!;)IG+DMS-8%%(
M GH6"(2]R:,!F+!&TP+,]FW&)S
MYH3UA? %MG7J+I=_C'G/;>,]MB7[FC
M#5FS5V.`4DUXGWML[-B8=>BR@>T@3=RR?&ZRD0V0;SM8]WL@1$3-VU:W40-4
MEOV_[3;4'[+SK_$;GX5X+Y]PA#'J^XZKAF0/8#)-9L/3#K-][\0>G(Q!&H2'
M?;CR#?%C+"P7_C`L0'AD5G\R@P=YW/X,@Q`,_\$HT7,F R,-.+7Y6)S5Y5K6OR5J(LRJG9-8>"LR?HPLG)\]DV0P40P^^&'+KV*\QG7#'9M\$C>.3YP,^,@P
MX ?91N2'P(]A]0%3;=]%#`" ]U1[AF^P)OM3L9BT
M-8KC,"4#]7;I0)TPG3"=,'UJXJJ$Z>`B.X*]XO]9-OK$$N'SEVG,?D4OV59K
M2<8ES.?#^A2,U\#[=L=@+8P784XRH'[,J-XA5,]J"*$ZH3JA^IJ>NHIM@'\N
MC!]S@P_%F$QQ6___/V
MUR"'/1ZC92VW]+T%U\DV_I4;?FC)K_6'_4 UZ.*K$OORQ9TWDF!GF1G+D;]<0 YF9*]$`'R)G)-W&W/&<9\8C/9C`@8G\EQDZ=IHKBK/(2*`%%X[W
MX0MX8'>#*T?HAD?9*RMEKW0^,.0BQ@D4'S>?&7$(^Y27-P]/;(AN-3,#=FF2
M7>S=@WBQS1?PI+_8W'K/>)3;\&IX0W9IVH\>=^H,=SK?]NH-!NLF$TUTZCUF
MN,SU^W\!=F/XAF,L1C@OLJ.WS?BM.KN5V16NAV]PUQ7P7^G0X]8H=`W:(LM`
MO^/O&;SWDXSUO.N_E[]_N?UT]\`<>`97".[0?H6.+?G3JMOD,8O^P*R'1P]&
M[\'JQ' #V9!MTV3.X`/8]LU/)6H@839
MP.T1-`'O"=,`?DUP>`/?TG%?6"YS5/8>'X\=&WQ3:,V1/I*5!K*P,HE&1*-@&3^P+WFG4!C!W!@'4V-GV7=7[*W3&!^1DD
M6*UQR[(QRR7QODK#,,)I?(6)Q0 PQ('PDF"DL#&0IBF3OK9^4
M0$6MJ#G-V\+!Q5\W>'Q:Y##!4&6?]+H_R=25G'4I'Z!0H4SJOG(O9:*( /A./.Z!E,@)WL_K3Q4S@K,,W/F$,)+;Z`'F&0$[H+
MZ,,'+)`P&?2#>3:-?_N&+GM-+SQ?N.F+\(VHI0PUP+%`04&Y08W8VW;]--+0
M,#$A?Z*?Y/S8FA`@B?R%&Z9D%HBK2B8?^\PUPS2\2;"V^V0[CLRP`+Z@/)>JOIEK!DC?LX!M.GWUF_0?B,TT=PK`U35
MR\ZL\J$,K#K@UN8'_/T>#13V/8L!K548L*("S!_^5K1:#;*[BI3'D"S1
M(/WBH[*,GR;QDN@E,,?['V^O&R#8"C1?S!SRE0TVFEM@LYR1&[5U$S@#MZ$%
M+SK\7:CW:2.7$4N/)+NNGQ(@;>%RG)!Y6NU/`PYI-]`Q+12>*UHS)=#_`,LEZ/D'\8,C1
ME6(RFZF:M^> $-X0[YAV7W#DO#@('"95ND+)C*O_#Q!
M?V[_!`**9]C4.>7P>-[=WR8?PJM@W+'P:UA%. =(J/)[U4?D76"EZ[!@FDX>N6E/W:FS%@Z"[:@[H
MKIJW"]=\FV-%!>ZH:=6ZW=:>K-;174Y#B+*2&A&B5`M1SEJ$*.7QCO<82Z/[
M76?/?G!52'#-ZR7#\T-8\F,W(6DR0`=D@.CZQ5RV--NUSCG=O$C.;:D5B;"E
MDMC2JG5.SPE;RN/FDN>ZJPE->ZZ?`L^U3YYK":&4K$LEK VBY#F%=6:S#E D260=68:PF+^V+;DW=-CX;BR"N_8
ML87C36K!#;HRAQ)^?[9MW:W%57%K6"[9&&/B14T^8$2EV^`Q;A24 &56WQ2R57C8%)KG.XJ"L2(AJ.P<51BN2E?,2/
MAMD:W^P7E>P)N(-E DIA/1VD6`L>"XQ1\*F;:RA5\:I_5SIJ-*84JB_$ZM/`3
M8 TW"EO+XO7L/;;?&/XJ(Y!$YM%^PJ-=54-3K:U34:Y$8
ME,C!W<2$EUJQ*`I$4:!"Q2Z[M5:GO+YTI0)!BX^W$+X1OE6'9P>!;\U:JU'>
M4YA'@V\'$^".0+3>HH27S+*@6.W?A5)4F75"01$X**-0&,5: CFM9AN7$Q78>&&O5.MFDF-48MSM#NHP(5EIW">RVH[P$=DYS#@]/V3X74\HB6/-_G_K/=G)^=
M[)WE2T):$(Y>"G)J ;Z=P3\ER^EJ;-8KF%8(?<97TAK(#"-%UI:234.401SJFG1JA3
M[BF;B3JG>T6=6A'8^;0T[.P*=^:Z_WN3KIC"%43J28K4-Q"IAT7)Y4,P&L_/
MCGA&\Y&X80^DRTP%Y!F77R;NUI/E5CKL%68 5M6;`U?+AA DI
M+A1#$Y2;6X!;:WOZ2Z+CFHD1P3 .1U$-H@63F2P-FRP%M^Q2@:+#-;^65(!
M@]5NU%JGY3V( QPGC-VFEKJL)%6>PA915.X
ME%*Y;4W)2RJ5^](6*JET`&>JES^@NNB<=?#%'S>*S+YM)DZ^W/UM\B&\QFXL
MX3Q/V+UC/SM\Q+[8W,I,2DAX J?5+^SV+]\4+"(U==BS!U/_F@/V)4]&@E'$^S=
MW?7=U7OVBHO2_H3A7ZH96:&`LV;W9"*X4V-OV_4&&QFF:=B6Z@U^O[QY>&+<
M@^N@'7OJISO"HO7SEE;MLQ'7!QK[C^AQH@4:0S$N@QM#@
MB0>AV2_"F3!NZ?"'8;U` W(-M2/T&DXYIIL9`"^'HX&
MGG"A '/?.(>IUU^0YWI:VKX7:!3\?U.*BYJUR]R*#RUH%IH`@,1?4PWCS+ECJ5T6`RGS'`[R:O*^
M#;H3_3T""74,;KI*-,6_?6.,4E1GM[(NB*Q$4IM1;P)ZA_>UH11-&+]\Z.UY
MO143@?4H9&=&W_=@[.\,Z^1OP]+?AWHV=NR_!!`"JHY\F%EX9%4!VZ(-*Y+6WRE`?E1?1XVMAW43.PN`G`-9UPB#/P0Z6J@JK+/5U!+,`G*XH$-:9\B&=#<
M"/@[-'%8T+-I!IV",C?JC5ZDS;*^43AR94@&A@6O)UYC;SOU9O2&.^2J1]T7
MDH(QG\CZ,L&`D&1#65,L;@.-R5'I ^'12[XVA#&-)&.P6^6@:.0OH$+"Q+3!!'3Q=AV#J(?NZ
M(+H9(T MJ@A'0`%1TH;<>A9284#GA>,.C7&-O6N]QPYT7Y,ZT0_D$WYHOP?9UT`?>8BM
MNN$JUP7[@" 0>JBI0^^UWT?H3](/B"_
M:X1-GD*3@P&X]1+<";62[7@D P3\*JT#+I4
MO:_\((TQ4/;-[9D75\$E8\=1WD9>]%A?EC&(8448L\#B;":+='LL
MSFLO#?J'7:I[5.XWP%^+\*MM<>\;UGG0,^7CI_8Z#4K27-P36`
MO&G+K34`?(P'8]!T#O3WMC-#583]'L%^5H4(]@GV"?;7@OU6K7%^6CL]/5L!
M]>7^`'R3">JP=Y@E)3^^#]$\F?704AE46U.@*H+[.8%[5E$(W`G
MU^3U*@"^^^/@68JW-HW!%&+2L+*F4YO24UPJY<9TNY0W?F_/SO7JI]V9$I,`
M#3)T9.C(T*UEZ.)+FV56F%J%I"YR?A^F%<>W>.9EX6(8K-%0_RN3>=LW=#=+
M!]V$VX3;A-O3$U=)W/X$'RS#=G+@^U.0*(2+& (CY[!Q3(\Q0FGB)PPH>DX\VXYOG ,(,CX+BCK,"_QMV95LOPO$,
M1+][1PR$X\BC?+;V=PV/[J#.^T*>FFRR,8"[;*,6GBH+CT"\2UB4FVQ#[Z>.
M0) :/U5%YUQ^->/)X;?(\%AYA#T^@)>;Q
M.N]\B"Y %;KAIMCON=Z7*4KQ$X$D.`JO\4-ML+P
MS$A6I%!V\8R;G@F_]AH_A8\FF\=SMS`\/(/L3,#7%'@@
MLQ43GW=V)CF@*S4@J4$Y5"LZ8]9S=7)8%E-"FL>^H\D:'`E68+`:6.#Z?1?X
MA-.)D5%U-A4F`_-/Y-Q$+Z1SR=7[H7N7.IJ;/+!LO`^(2@\M/*Z(*(*^%7\6
MP;%2;"`\LRB/K(*HX`$CF^'Y83RW:HRE>%BV9\3G:/'XH2U/K68'D2$;OGYG
M`%7=9O:30-'7,YUM(Y1!Y1EXX]AXPG2[T$NH?.\GZ[L\43I
MR_2O$GZ>'*Z+$7?^SGU]SD&[I^SZ"JN*^&A[7>,'PV(_,"HL3ZM*!IBVBQH?
MG@]/0;-DBGK@/1)50S"9B1]C=3I1&+C(DJK8EYUIW!W&+(<6>EA2`.TYMRQ_
M%*G(C*C3"A/0+T4EVF$(LE:*.-^JZ$J,LDL\ZYI]FZ+M(
M`$SN2>@9*_MFX5I3GOJ/=^#"\XKJ"'VKH\[`8VT"T[1?0[L7L+D63(T2YNF>
M@Y(3X!LMX.I[%`0CG!6Y$R5^@#3JB:/Z>(J>*A!-8])OXZ#J030I`=K$AAI_
MQ42&OUJQ647:"@=;9G<7N-,].Y/PT:T$5L'AG6I[9ETP``9LZ)XSV
MW[%?#%VDH%NJ3(;D3.4F+#^!E$JGR!("^E!P%K:A.S![.A8<>=M,O&JKDERM
M=DCPVU;ZUVA(S?`)'$VVC6_V2U#C)L6ET"H.D42?IB%?SENYXQ
MF.2&2[ P$8[]@C\01`3R[9.8'EA6"@:F@VK(J'6'E@T1U:S"JK7Q.93"GBX_I3E
M _C60"!R+^S[<
MS0DK"<5*F:H:I"I76;!@<410=BI#<8V9AL"18%!BZV1/1_\6Z= C*')-Y*?T*[\1CMM?[]T[P;M)@`FPN1WE+ID:U\EC'[_Y^VO"OHN
M4:S5EV^PU)(QXJ;[CS>M-Q?@'G32`RE&WT7$H5\X\/W#/3?T6^O_@-E/OK7;
M4 T
MK-X'!AD%$I]T"Y%YI@08'#HEOZ&BM18*P D>+I+L>A"A[W 9*F3DP30*FJ7XL%@>=)7P.X&$)E$7(6`2>HDV'K
MAA8N,.8Q=&WB3SIO+GKS\"I#S9+$(RR[GV#DMFV%7]F?!%J4>>,Z:V3L6-'1
M@.ATFG/QMSB!" 9M._0FXA-
M^#1B=[JSACR;SKD6X =D_3XYI+6L[$K#Z4]NRAR!(WJL)-7-$@JF\CR]O(ZC9A<9NXMDU0
MWT"6-\@==+/=ZC4;O =QOFR@][DJ+NS1QTK?$MW>IYCZ1;1O_82Z>PL@X;!HAXM:?YJ4LK1,JNB35#9RZ7R
MDTIAGDOK^1JDJN95\''C/#SK9N0UT=O6`B/+DRJ#![U5UX_I0=S(0.%7`0"N
MWT8W!]V%V3U%QW">&4.. Y_@`6!7IZC7F0G4?E
MQ?WI@M#.5H2[UU1QA_G4?;^38>AF,I@VR]M;7>ZW-,+6$B-L%1EAIVPC;"\S
MPGNUMZTB"IL>XE:&UUEU`B\Q':'5^2J3CS8OKVN;Z%YW:F3K>7/K>1BQXW05
M)OW$;Q=PYGISG+F"S@ IS1@1>)4L*35#%@+Q#57X/*4[,\C?`-DGXR*H$%O!#MH+RYZ$C4H#()=R1YFP\W+TE.V\M/ N@GP.&0#_&F;2!"'PNX%*@T'V8Q),45]E5N1W>A42;NULA*A(
M*Y=O\DHEFX3`L^&!-NN-E08ZDZJ\D(,V%+IO!C@9=^%&^2M%:;^(CR:O )P^/$ 7U]>VW7Z.KT1OR4O3\4W=K),WM]N;S:O)@[O5D
M,]FR`E [B^>8A8U3 GW]R$K"ESVA Q,_.TS3J7^YK7
MY*F/^34Q"*O+I46$-T4Y17A#>$-X0[YAV7W#DO#@('"95ND+)A*#AXLDFR"X
M7`I#,)+'%8*1/4XDP$B;8*02"K,]3VYW/-JU?U;YD2VY$S)7@P\=Z.(>W\E"
M$;;O ]9#FBS*U,6]&^8[$`"]WCN1:@&B,F)"49)QD_*AE?>VVSK`.0
M2IP["_/FYBC27)_@Y'RA4W"^NE.P>_^Y_1.6#!114 '
M\3^F2D*KBLYAC7*=_2P=!L_Q-709XC*$-K>B2FT?HP*?EV/',%7QOM;93@(4
MR3F0):.7$J'F8@DJM0(6B%'F#;>LF/1VX9IO )%0IKFKSNVQHY6K=MM
M[ Z
MJPE->Z[!C3_O^N2YEA!*R;I4TKJ 6ZQ#I(:7NIF^O.,3?W^V;=W%+_&"
M1-N!WT5X)TQ-/F#$E:=J3!OB- >C;XI9*OP
ML"DTSW<4!6-%@B[D17CR)FY?OHZ$&U&IXL2C8;9&?*=K-_^Z15HD[-UJD2&O
MHB'OU,Z;"_.?R(S3$H&0I4PLJ0"R=`E92K5`V(7/OY%SYD<4!+_#BXZG5M%E
M]F;+6$F@?-:I_(?)2VB^EF/:M(';=0CLK)%F6%ELVUK"5VGI(XC;CKH2Q"W/
MLT.`N&YOL6]"*%<>%[]T>P"Y4*K*D5BZ)`%`4J5.RR6VMURNM+5RH0M/AX
M"^$;X5MU>'80^-:LM1KE/85Y-/AV,`'N"$3K+4IXR2P+BM7^72A%E5DG%!2!
M@S(*A5&L)3?3F6[[?5/,Q[%=\VWOY;B695A.7&SG@;%6K9--BEF-D8->IG9]-52@DL"OI5H'Z"8M-XZ^__.R[)\^ ^#VM6^97@/8O"/-[ZKOY%G
M-.%-^85VWOE^Z=X-VLUKH>%]>M_#`M=Q?>N[07@>]*L\X?@&'&/-&''3_<>;
MD_:;BU:WVVHT&C'!R;XO5J>LFZ*LO0IE9ZVM4'::X=D_;W]516(NL8E\6IKM
MSOG9'&)6H^0LPZ-"E+0ZI^?YE!RVCWK;)R2\UD\F4=)MP'_W3`E
MS48CPY3@H#6>L\ZGHW/>G" J:P1DC!=@N.#2TA^'MN/A9X"E/E@:_7*$Q\?78$;[
M[*R99D>Q+C=.YP*^M4^;O>9FZ(P-W&U0.."!>P*DU1/Z/6*]Y?'GQ!R/?4=,
MR7LKHW@XA\$4SC,CR1ZG]0+&V:@WVIE!%J-W6P-M9Q3[8`>:]5.26IE`,]G7
M@H%UNZL-;,IAV-C@LJY.&087NYUQ;L3=`%4:JX)@TT](7N2$IL?4^_X9W.GF
MO[B%L_5DQPAW(=<4$J ZEO/M97\QX
M?][ZHTBB3['E4J_[4X&U=OGOLE2L??KS"_#6\*!-+4%3!>^W7"%%M(IKU&B\
MRUY+G>)".RW#U>8$I4$6X-;::9!+HN.:>]#!-RG$+(R02V^6+NAX9:C>VSYI
MD.8A!-H@63F2P-FRP%E]G20:+#-;^65(!@]5N
MU%JGY3WSO:;>GJUURFJ<7Z^^E""[K-U-Y9O
M8^B(=2J#M!NMTS5F)")AJGS)TLU\MGUGK=EHK3[??0`78>VJ0O'O?FW
M;W@3K#)Q;;B::;N^LV(AAST5!HXMSPHV\TG:S&]@,Q_FU83XXT81U`>>Q5TC
MTV)3>OJ!*5YF;&I(7S*,A9_[SL_AQWV55%[`NN5K-JS%3E69B]VP*W_DF]Q#
M];VRK1?A>`:6"+EWQ$`XCM"9E-_\:/RJ7&[VMEBY>JLB&O=T[SNNSZ%QSV;>
M4+";']J06\^"73Z#J4.,JLGOK^S1F%L39KBN#]QL-6K@W]2;G7/F#KD#G=D#
M="/-">.^-[0=XS_(\W!V,M.`G?VS?EO_M "Y._`G^@= I7I-D/J^SK+3DO=8C05P/#6"+-5(`,RDX2&UT*(C-(&:,A:.FCX& WS)W[?-&IB01#LXN)FS-Q06&B&3
M._'D!9Q4D-AK-A:-6`D+'@RD`MMBW#W1E.C@\+AK`-F/J89F$VIA(,AD7-,<
M5*^4_L JCOU-/8MXMMJ0&^ER2DT76KL*7%%(P=0U/"V*@WSKJQ,-:8Z_?_@C'CU&N^
M"ZMSU#_0*N-$-TQ?\H+K?\$OTA=;`#X.M_YVF2LLPW:P19PO&V`'KBTQ/9/[-]#_#%PG)>">F<
M/1]B#(^@>L/S('ZFX*X'\/M32$-^>P45]W9&&TAI8&UF ("RTI[XH8DQKC:!\TR#]V!B<8(5?DA5!O=GQ">L+T4ZE""4`< 1Q(]D*]G]&SD"$=C*:V1%LQ3
MI'RFN8F5,0S-E0V[,"1%H<8=9X*R'GE-A;U-F`C`#UOJ.2(]$&L[J$A*W$G&
MIV3\SF+_XI://&JVI3/>K85+C I!60JQ(E\3P6%?Q:TH?RC%UZ@9WEVM`0V!AG7^#?#A8#
M?4"`Q3?ZPK1?6;O>Q,>;]894#ZD5:(H_&ZX&TO_?P`T/I5FHP5R#\X^U/UF[
M*1G4D V">(/J5\#;O`%(4?ZW\`K`V,'X&>26?$`3L3
MN+)3K26<>/Q]IOL.\N%JCM%'GPCU0KDFJQ"7NVQX%2B'0C_A@1;.)*06F$,Y
M,K"'(Z[#8C_9:&!`E55%`_H^=.25500GT9.Z\&%VKML RVVF]UJ])STYJUGC^?MK@8[
MP4G*_[B]?OKG!]8^77!Z(("#S:6J%5?2);=LHW3)O$U;?5G&(,H58 N&.S;Y)&X (63,VR5RMNE=72-P.[[`#G`)$`V>4:61EV='S0.S$`V=3R,XY)QNMN'MB`
M*,8I#4YT-Z/S-RP@U!.(SH,!XK4Q&@G=`(_'Q/5K$/MQ?8&7J_()B@#S$>/R*>%R5L8)EPF7"9?7Q.79D6@9DS>-D>&%67-AW&4 ;Y%A*4HB9(P1W@VP5M6('KEH[([/3([&15F,P.
MF1TR.^NP>L3_AB<50KOAOB[>%B]#2\E,OF@5$ZY=:BHF%9NCA+EZ9UB:Z>MJ
M76.[0MFO5^&DT[:Y["4X`=13)X!4CJ$-:R7#XF:P5:P'2Y:Y*Y3`M&%'MF_J
M89H:'E=A*MOH181[T]DDMTQ;'_&M9V$)AX-0X3X(;EN'*48BD;.$)E(E*VG<
MU/`@'69G@8$,TG@E9_6`I4..&5;"2FR2#P!450)ED!,F+:NETJUDKPFVX@"S
MWP6)EWT!EEMD>!D3YSDB09DZ;A:F;$;9NB&791>*\H\JSUP7`6 RD(!LTH,L5;%8&&[H&,;,^(@.VA+I5]`C.R2/(HBMY!.01
MD$>P#JL]Z1'@\I.K,X^Y%C7*WEV4%-SWO?!43'#`!.RD3`@+S`HN.!>=Q9L7
MN$RX&O*H4W#$+%CLCL ]=`74ZEA:N>+'MX6`":UP6Z!3!9TK`;>#1'6DK,MP/";;"!
M..*$#9V9Z6VC&<>PL3HG%A]/BXQ[P2-NZ:.?09`;D_X4_Y'EV:S^S0'=*D:X
MG'4P=ES,(7GJ,1_)DC.R#` :8"ER_HJ@.*
MN088&RX!C,O#&(AQN*VC3OU)Z%S+0H1*E+1PH7,KH4 F`D7$"\W.-63VF@5.?X,XR2AWW52:^`
M+#GWP4GSZ;-O\%Q8#R#5CN[+8UAXCFP:41>H;:+*6]'B0MDB8A'NRQ94,8);
MM2*,2B.I$62J(S4;I[(^4O,,%INXRORN;,E-XF!?NO&O\M1 YTA
MM=Y,\9USYT[1Q8]T7_'0[#PJN1*JGS5/18WV-),-=Y<
M-%.UKHK1=S%O4/&9PWOT7G8^IK: V\'-F^Y=T-
ME+1^$_"R_F0_"`2U@+9,\\HOFR^;O?0HIR2M!5.R`2HN$N,)3\FJ0[+SR)M3
M(*WYYJ)=;P:TI5K,LB_FLB0E.)GZE?_`X5SQ,;I--S_&>/86O>]Y!=MFETI+
MEF[KOKDX[S94Y;95*,@B:`RR=P- T"=W-+_1XXZI\N)W;J@0YB3ASEMPIPM *:#)8?,@MWW=^EVJ0L/$FSD>Y8
M9N@F.-^W1`;MOEDD=_(7D4C^ B]]ZZ/W=6IYC6*ZA;51&2$*VUY],FF;<6S="2UPZ/W1=G+E^J/M9-I.GB8PSWB0_[PW3U#],C?7/C6:/K#HV;%]2S\!W]%V
M/K#_NKJZN?G\^6.2-;-F,?]8\++Y^G.D;&_'PW>UHHT[O8M/&]=87SP;EA64
M_)H([F0-X):6M4F>R#);*RGEG`D]^&,5>T>8O;+D;!%+$D*URP5XW./)PE#U
MOJS7/,FIM.@0J!P0J+S=A/X0F"2806"R#+E5-A"CDJBQV:]>;9^J@*A20%N%0CG
M4X1^5Q/Z*U[#(;(7-5$ E#$GD!E.RPA4"%0F>(6
MK7,(5`A4"%0.*&4^Q9]%Q7&//EC_V78&PIA.KB]UL'X#4UQJ3=J$75JK)-?A
M\RS7';`KXM4PBXRJPCK".L(ZP[..&K2*'XZO&(0(U`
MC4"M7`[<2A?T5)E=A&^$;S.Y]BZW!A)AW`JL?+\)4T&+4\*YTO'L`'"NQ&69
M*@5RQWIL9*ZWV*JWND7N U5#5+:RB /H/`P
MH+#`KEH)-LK.:*,LMQ(;!Z$\U(VR8G->:N4Z1HM(BP2RC`=A&?>[2#@XLD=C8;G>Z3^.%]PDVF"Q;V^4O8XJ,V%+IO0GOQ
M>\F6'SUX[VZ,']U+S3->#&_RA#1&C3(-^`!_/(C!/]YHO>^?@8W-?W&KU6AV
MGNQV\UIH^/'-A90E?)5IPC3'7,>C5F?TF)4Z.1)U!+3>NL
M+V:\/P?TBNQ,;G(+LC'EN%=2$S9AO@JP9B>4*=0).7(
M4.=T.;%;%W0( Y89B@XRC.'93,M
MU+Y8=.\8FEA$(OG/Y?^IO2 8YAN8:V41DA"=E>?[]STQ>,>^M&"(YICJZ%)D9]
MX2PIROMD4;M98WD90+0&K>1J:HOW;QT8IVC=2=O)!$5[AR(*AZ6Y1K!$X;"C
M"8<=\EK@T/NC[>3*]4?;R;2=/$U@GO$@_WEOGJ#ZI5HW,\Z1LB,J(YNZ;[$O
MG@W+@H\SB\EN1RTW4XEBSH0>_+&*O2/,7EF26S1B?D$(J@=10'(J+3H$*@%+$G4-D.2PA4"%2FN$7K'`(5`A4"E0-*F4_Q9U%QW*,/
MUG^VG8$PII/K2QVLW\`4EUJ3-F&7UBK)=?@\RS5 :9[P8WN0)FWD2
M/[Q/N+ETH3KZ)6HQMYU+Q^'6LQ@)R_LTB1^YYQ/\ZO*5.WK02^)HU#=_U! Q"#?[QQ\3WW#=.`.="]_$YK?K]T[P;MYK706HUF^PW3A6:,N.G^X\WM
MM\]O+MK=!OR3&/&FZ;L(>;T-%OPA4,F%?ODB'/XLPHN)[AU#$S%C?%>_%\ZR
M[&F]N;EJ`<8E>0(7?Y7M86ID),6UZL-CR4BUQ>#FU3AV'=_-L'"+NT]*D>W0C2
MTH/N)0?=B0?=>7.QU\WX&-Y7,$Q/TC!]`\/TD&N8@B_^N%$D]8%Y<>??;$_$
M]JKW@2FFLEM+`SX:+X+=F]S*V+&0W.2V/'[N.S^''^>RLMFK*B_CGIZ&@J$.
M^#`QX0HS&ICT1PJW!F\(1_0D;
M^.;`,&'$S_@5&]BF:;_B7W;_+X'.``S;'LC?@E%]2$]Z@3F7/DEJ /]6:$RE9F4]H0]>SS/50W /_U3J=#^I95
M8TG_-\KKR?.`]6TQ9@'0%P:C3:YOB[.X69]:KFV:N0O8MVQRV7;!V&;"`C0`
MW\>;@ !D"NL9$-6:":N.\-!K!4=5XV.%L89P"3\C_&P1
M?F;EG/#S(/&S3?@YQR OY!'!GA%[FP'9&\A=NZ6JY[QFX!K>$FUV&%]N6
M.0XL;1.69F6>L/0@L;1#6)K!4DF/!$8#(4>X'@*E#*R.N>,9F@%HZ;F`#=X0
M'K-=D072I-OJ)K81LJS>(\#N+6J^PZ"YG+)7[C(^'COVB]!9?R+GZ9/-'7DH
M\-IPA.;9#IA"BWWECC9D[9H*K*.]#!Y/[@0Q[LGO5/`]\4-BTME7`5;6>F9#
M86*TG3V.'?A3YW@@I3/5X[0>KKOYLZ!5ME.2)9ZP?!<80YJS!C`1\1@TV2N';]19S 9;M(;WPMEYC8U/H
MSP(^N`^DX(I@E
M"Q@J!X;CM1!(7PT$H`A33?XJ@P4`G[@,#UI2>0&`_G5V&V#HB_QUP#@+X`,^
M8UJ,8YNUD*>R;1B53$F`N9H`:J+V"CT:>_@(C-0?Q18'+(0F7!=ZU]1T?)1?
M!R_%*(RLX_"H";+@"?8"'KPLF C6S=&!B:M'LP7?V(PU_8.*#43\#@V$B(R4%.ZJT])N=ZD^I
MXI"_J,'*G&07;2U/KI &K`\RM4#;@!-^0!E(@7I)5LJYPZD8VZ_"D>Y^_`WX$* P,`TM]NW#(PNUY.QC
MI]6*/#B-JV@F]`SM1/8<4YE28X*5J5PD`Q]^2IMLU8["?%TZ.=(S#/R78'2Q
M*^XQ$]QGCS6QH#[B!'I?SM_`0KGRQ/6FKXMY4MW1VALP,F9G#SY/:OYF1
M^PWL JUW_7?,[F"@#'6P-H8VE"M.SBN&*9-K(W+9_O9,OXCTC3+
MN";P!A>7,#! DZ:8;$W2UIR2K 1`8
MX-40[A^#H+REL^RW[#=858#Y>7C\+5ATA!9A$*QL,-2F\#N]@H#5@X`!RUBX
MV@/$P!T'F^,$? /(M)QY20/N[
M(#[\'BV@*SS/E$VE8IWU*5:X-89 S+@-
M#%'\1FBC=-GN0)UI%4$$$T.G8*G11*;LF5ID&9@S/?#EZC'@3I(/P0[LU(0Y
M8H2S$%$6+%1+E+NR;Z-X1D8Q"UYD%`_2*)8K.7#_1O$ZW&53,;?`^%U'QF^,
M6WL>XG,B]B;WGYY]`[>G+1%OS25V*]5[X:9)9!?#=!",MF'SB70UAXT$+L+<
M8&&FWL0;O ^+=M.3^Y82/,F(14:L
M1T8L"S9DQ`[2B'7)B*7X<9\]%02@?:*6.6'ZB$HZ#(."7!L:XB5:`R5/%8UD
M[A-T'&541#\%,4"YH#.5#9#;2,EG\(-O )^J>$^NFEBX$[0P#W6'8+
M-`S!/-@\6IRU$$;+>)PR:5@)/#8LY?J'U:-$W$<0>8HV9/2`#O3;-9,[RL2$
M$2^UG`'D#Q^+MJ@PER!8.RD#`=U@]F.X:X7[/_!MF!D8=X,F#I]=%"@LS]+@
MT,]F7 @.K4F`7^@9H6N33L"V&!.=?GY7\DIR7!QDP=P27*
M^&VP,*>J]!D4274OXZSS^44F&ZGBFYVITI*=AOIG`[4E9U%XD>$`E[5>,>8!
MSB-Z+/P9OKA[M;#DHS'^)#`08EZ5A
MQD3V%[.IGV73?1!8EX4B[P;H:P9%;@-2-C+>9GJ\6R,VF%PN'.]#&-"2O\MP
M5LS 1\QPV(W
M)!F2QN/C=A]HYO&YEA R^[YAXKI=>:'H
M%8^E,RO]9'6,![PQ;/@8?SNOL+MTX/@W*(R1!;UOU7AC^D)$7P;5A
MN#TM#[(PE30\>Y1A3VWI4F,2U@CCZRJ0XR"-88?R3`WN6.OR:-U$[B:$9\5D
MNJXO3RWAR5#CVZ]6F%2F`B%]@=E<>``.O/*1// ?:_R+]! &1KEP)E;XIK3-T4MYEPVGI3,"NHNP*O
M-!MQ(V16:RD%:[974;"/+,ODYOA'>;0NN4TR(V*_9X+R >F>#U-'(S
MUSMN;N>X>M $-C,W<>XS+=;UBK]LKD.ZR!XM5IEL[MWQQXBZ7
MT60[`MMQ2K:#;$)+;&2I"U4W,LJR6IK/C366YET
MNJ,W?4_R 6OH#GCPU
M;X(33G/.2!8ZNXMG(EN]S)G(W*XNUB3G/$E..R:GO1%R'K6AT'T\9JW."7U5
MUD^]$AZ4_VP[4 Q/F9DCAU=(*&3M`4=_WH!`V=H)FA='2"
M9L?]T0F:\OC<=(*FFCL[E$T0;-C0"9J*Q)Q*%.?>>SBI7%D$=()F_P$@RD3;
M@^V@$S1D.ZK`D@K8$#I!4QX;0HN5LAH %F;\9V5*`\[7EYD[AWAPK_EG7UW@V_"R_R^QE":8#:6',TB:C*J?&MI
M]D@\\1]T;>":UP8V&Q^8XB8#=DYE]\>$)OUS_'Q,UZB%MYE".Y)3'G(*5C8#
M4VCJYFQ+>/@M$X,!?"7O3?/$:&P[W)DPW8!OP2!I\%)X^Q^^I'''F>!]:^%=
M?'@7MNL*3UT?:!J\;YB&9PAU2]_`L+BE&;#(V9\P/AZ;
M4L7P@=\>V2"8+Q=FT/=L4$XGN$"^W?D)+Z4,.N>@4:!FKF]ZX3V;ZI)#;.N=
MO-,R_U;!R/U9,).;.0G=;.SY*/2.@W/=\]7.NAYI[F/-,.5V'[3M/S>]AJ-8,H[5FAUMD[@%SC="K_.AU+QRD:P5N'"5T%8J%E.0P;!4Y+H*,E..AS&^?GXPQT>USE;ODC#KL_A=*BVW&Z5B"J_
M'!"6[($EY<>4=J>>+2!&J%)J5&D1JI0)5 *N%*.1>^%#PC/"D[GF1O(5Q140X>3LA-(5@I#4O*#ROD
MINS`32D022M=-AL=`UY*/*Z&W'K&ZE3(9Y][6`R,8TDH;FG3:6XE#M5M8MX/
M"99K]M:\\F'7=K'9S<8%RV(5*U`JHU2K^Q69N`C[#E^-"?J6Y]D!
M0%_WO+1;[)6"OA)%(E8[C5QE?A'"$&WC.B0BKG_!64-F96?S>
MUVVFV<84KL#;Y:Y]S5R?[`)5QL#0.'29?Y6R(\;JUG"\DU4/KVB692GS+U%^
MA3?Q9E=UDZN[Z![7 [K%-044=(MK+@!M!8*"+P[N)BJZ/Y'N3Z1;7&G[
M?$.80W>V$N:4$G/HSM9M XFO?N%(H<5(5'ID.B+;3V?/`EG1&[S(6@8+=Z+\XK0J'1H1'[1P6@7^47%
M>45(5#HD(K_H$#2L0("Q=(7B2A#;+V>,\7HZZ20A(O)3K]5LE3("6=D0_49M
MU/P)J08?#KXPYQ[S;DE+2$M(2PI5U:_T>$E+2$O(EI"6D)8<6BK-,2]>XTZ_
M"8_98^%P>5C"M%V7:=QQ)@/;>>6.GKEG=27;%1WH/+
MAV94"$Q6T2`"DPJ!R7FMUSLG)[52>$+7"Q*>E!5/R#FI&)B0 J?DG)0F@D:Y(HJ6DH7;+C7-\87.Q(^QL%R1":]1=(UL3NE84G[; X9M@6$F?8KMS2Q4!$HH$869>\L*;]%>7?:[6;802:E
MU+RNO",*R]UY0^$LWCLO421N$Q-\2&B]
MH0IMTS?U-=*\/'Q.%K]6 'DX8)EB8^F$%XF?ME[HBB%KI>:^2?;XR;3 3
MGD;FM)QR2LL/`LN*)@P;)9:[3;&V`C`6;I`9,BVH22A)(K\;*5/?%`"%E.
M.267DL"R(IP\6+`\GZH<2AYER42U0$2[=)G;N;)R)%'MX(L"U].:!N\;IN%-
MBMQ0NY6X]['=ED;GB%9D2?G/$=%M MF"Q80II<84JC)*F%)V3"%'I6*@0HX*@4K90:7,
MJ6Z'!BL%`FF4LZ9H*5G4[=X18V[0-=EEQ5DR/14T/:4]Y7QH=H E1%&W7032J/;A4C-/U_:4
M3I$V89:HSL(*G#S8.@OE-8)492'-9*I*0VA9$4X>+%HVLU*G[#^H9%-,YW-
M,(I_E]!ND`4F"US5#%@RP&DFTW*%P+(BG#Q8L*1[?BHDJQ0"WX9N$TH22E8U
M5YD0,LUD RE
MY[E0##L[S174IJV9T%;]K`O(I-M^WQ1%H*FYY]7;VTUL?F[:?,[AX@P#.L5&
MVD3>LIQ66NTW#Y*+N4R829BY-!:^59HPLP)J/R>BK7[BB&W8&?S5=WX./\X-'S=[NXD?K\#=)\G=
M;\#=AP7 4+`K>S3FUH0-.8BH\)@]%@[W
M#.N9F;;KLG??[KZ\9QIWG,G`=EZYH[L,/K"!T.$Y$TC3[)&0"=9CWQG;KG!K
M['5H:$/&'[\A7Y`^JA3J['8"*>,SW#-/XC]`5
M==![IO-7PS2Q7K`!3?2%]RJ$A:,Y8]S2X4.["2U9["MW@`+X'L;ZS_IM_= *JQ+U^N&-?^[1L80>=,`YX[MFGB>`W+$XYP/?B0Y$PX'/C)-SUX"W[F
MS(5Y-0:&QF'.\"7'T/#J,&:K=]4HN/IJD&Q.B7JOU3S[Z.8Q/#5:&`N0XS+H
MP!AQ[-P; 'CL6/_D,V;$_:V
M4>^Q$;R#[>*C$\$=.>/8J25^>`QXC5\"<4_PE0&CTCPU2*!4=J.H@K\R;;?.
MZNVH<6`C4)MD1\CI]!1#WR(EJE9$J&0I,PBH53DK_GDMQI*0W`[`Y?L*J00)X:ENL/0"\,
M`9V)%T,7EB9BJ0WG,)3*$!J>A27D_'!=_-N7$Y6'$OBHL-07GH(4CF@!?RU6
M)C9V#)1C6\F6%-(T!HXX8`#\#P07C;*OY)B;IOW*Y3"P0\T&S0^Z3!TPX:XK
MX#O;`E$/9`K4!?D`8C7U=.(X"HG4E$A]XB[PR1\C^X'G+P:\$W`QH=$#0P(W
M6!T#9\I-SV9?F(9X$:Z2/GPU>I"]VKZIHP"ZOHLS'G4&__5UD"VT)KJ-[HN-
M?W@@T6,IG]`PU_^"MT8PLT';JC5E()1Y0#1R#$`B; R(G6@3'N")9X)J_)('B3;@2VZBO.+#L:(%3]>G?&029.@I.1\`CZ[?
M_PLLDT02&TRX)92\N:P_``&E
M_19G#2:&/8"L6V#.'D%^#`"K=_AK\,?[>4X(F,-&Y,])0RD`>BTV,80),A6(
M
MP7<1TEV^`NF!QRR#UX`0TW:X;DN->(*^`&FP.>6NX'N2ATB(=)=PHCVT>9\_.%6COB)_[@V7`TL'%A((,?[A)IQ$:K 8B0>N,MB^R
M-,`0+/@=YS HEV9-$EMO[3T+[;&S7\EX#:@+L:`$`'@8:G_"?(:
M,\A+T_>H#6'U:XJ[P4VX-HF4^0&H0,T!S\!4-U`_H8L;:79Z0+U9PWES(2--
MTCO6A&F.N:Z#G`4&K1$81?S%A27;]"^I8%.CD1=N6BJ\,^N+&>\GK7,ITQ$;
M,JPVF\R0FH//1PR^^.-&4=>WS40*_.Q0WG;R$S>8B#@]P;N)@Z[&SQ5XI=FH
M^B&S3I3L?FX1M1B)"7)I%^,G575K`UFK1`*
M$0KM&H46GO\F%"JQ9LW9^2R-\TPEJ@[;=YZ:W\-0K1E&J[64AJQDLQ:=.B1#
M-C7?*@8Y>Q]BH[I3$F-6DL.I)7.TUS[&?V!FW2.N:@&&PX#2\I2,+14F-+NU#.@
M0JA2;E1I$:J4"57(0TGT^*[5)`]E$9/>;T)BR#,Y(`PASX0\DY)68MEE/B*%
MU8)`-SR`50AT8S`0#M9C "EQ.-*%8@TK+R*HPM%IT2ANDW,^R%!^.:K%1P^SS9U(^X>G85WS6XV
M+E@6JUB!4AFE6MVOR,1%V'?X:DS0MSS/#@#ZNN>EW6*O%/25*!*QVFGD*O.+
M$(X0;K9SUSZ;GSI!^$:NW4$K,0'?\CP[`.`CUZX\TE&WC.B0BK
MG_!.4/PUOJITG?M(,U>OQN^EWHF^OE$7A`?7R5YZGU5%Q\>PH&.JWWD7V ^XY89=0PZ$:]W4F,>0-D[6N>SY,C
M;L KZ*6Z3VV0K3M;?9
M*FYS=CQ;^3UV&Y1O6\]T8S%EFVM:2QM2L%>_]8BMD%Y^6S9`=+P:F9NO2
MTK\8O`^SZAG"3:\#BO+Z0BX#\56F"=,< &=1
M-&HC2D()H7L(5Q?:22;,( :T"7.VR/V=;3F08TR.,3G&U;Q)LM!>Z%';
MJ2O?<8[JXLB=&ZJ=:1 $1*5#HF^V-;SR9-P1N0V'X*&T>*].*\(C4J'
M1N07'8QVD5]4G%>$1*5#(O*+#D'#"@082U?ZN`2Q_7+&&,.T$N;Q'XS+Q)*$
MB,A/O5:S5 TA+2$K(E
MI"6D)8>62G/,B]>XTV_"8[8Z)V$],]-V7:9QQYD,;.>5.WKFYNSMK$_I\K@#
MNCQNWU5\2G5I7'E+\1R:42$P646#"$PJ!";GM5[OG)S42N$)79A->%)6/"'G
MI&)@0LX)@4E9P:17.^N=DG-2F@@:Y8HH6DH6;KO4-,<7.A.JSE(FO$;1-;(Y
MI6-)^6W/V?GY?#TBNT-^+&%*B5A2?DSI]*:\>X*5 G7:[
M&7:029EFT_M-&%Y"$T*3`T>37NV\,55?F1"EG(A"431"E-(C2K/6.)L.T!.B
ME!)1R$ VL5N_WYB,)R=]Y0.(OWSDL4
MB=O$!!\26F^H0MOTW=.--"\/GY/%+TJ?R T\4I=#U4C/_9'O<9'I.[7X*9Y=(N MMK(G'@@ARRFGY%(26%:$DP!Z
M6M/@?"!W.
M_ B[$C-$,6&MU%+(Q*
M[9!!.6R#4M[CL(=F2`A45M$@`I4*@DHO6["8,*74F$)51@E3RHXIY*A4#%3(
M42%0*3NHE#G5[=!@I4`@C7+6%"TEB[K=.V+,#;HFNZPX2Z:G@J:GM*>$T(20I(_21!)_F29I/#P.4EH26A9VLAUZ?)%* \2V@VRP&2!JYH!2P8XS61:KA!85H23!PN6=,]/A6250N#;
MT&U"24+)JN8J$T*FF4PN)8%E13AYL&!9YN('A)>)7\J=O=VAL'9FYK\)+Q74
MGN^2;#R(O?0\%XIA9Z>Y@MJT-1/:JI]U`9ETV^^;H@@T-?>\>GN[B 9! &YEY;^)4X8?L)WG\0/[Q,&D"]DX[^$K4R]>S<6#O,%UHQHB;[C_>G+3?7)SW>N>-1B,>VA)$
M740SOODA=5-#:B\SI-Y9[W2;0X(/X7 ,]S4SAE0_M6UZ!X9Z=+YC`%>E=)*Q;8LWF7MCP
M.S=]>0?>I6G:K]S2Q+;D_;3;G3_":5(N%JGTLM2O(:8`MYT5Z-_T"%:7L&;C
M;(&FY0]@L_2O91_:*PU@D:7#`EG;$OIVH['`I&'O"_V+Q22N+A>=LP7(LRD2
MUYCZ13:B$(F_.N`U;&NB.YT%Z"![WP"):T!8L]%N%R)RD 6PMPME-
M<7(->3Q?X*@F2>3"\9)/)(QS\@[:[1FNP.X6I"/A26^$\O6YO`SALX0B\4YP
M!4G@1.T#$&83,UNJ5QW`5O1PS0$4L!7KH-QL-R=+PRS_\M;2[)%(O[!K. L>59CJ`DU!OC+KNS1F%L3>1N8
M8PA8K^F,LX'A",8]9G@N>QP[AO6L %1SP&V@] ;IZI919$C1MRP@/5L8/M.HCGL)*"_[]C^\]!C
M6"T%ANK9,;6L+[Q7(>+&S^3P@[]:[;"KSX8%#./Z7_`U$`=SE.02M)@>2Z)S
MW8;!&E9B^/_VN0-J".S'QCOU.5LXI=3%'6KC4T+W#$LS?1WE';Y\VZIWV2V88&ED!$=KK_(?X.O+8P7>!88/P9N@Y`S6.YXIL#)0\YC(PF=E?H(#]]I
MG@TV+E1'$&;I`AK2F*$0RO=0E,#P @(0ER'@,,&/B`*7QD
M^_'40-N:$+J;FLGDY,`/ID0K&$(NS^KL%L#4E9SJPUR(0=SAB/]E.XC(06\)
MT7@%F8+G<3`G\ =V>HA!V!^M1E_=H10DH<60R*[[VA#[DIKX_!7P&+`"G1"
MZ^P.W?R`_,[IOHYTH+@20K`Y_M%H$>NSJMYZVG?D-["[V">8E>K(&[QSA:4=6!
MZCX:+0X5/%QPLC7P0]%M#YR)%V'IMJ/:[K6:9Q_=I-O[:@#)'.2C (97-)[Y>4`&&\8AP\!3Z0S; *,*-V3_O[-%7B3`$/V"YIJCV'M:5LUI3@)
M6H*V,5Z@!5`0`AVLC`U`2 PL4Z>C^ZD>M^DJ[E
MZEIN?ZJ!IS^_0`N&!X1KB8$K&N(6K@`C77:I(/D+?W5](^,#;!SU#DT;S^
M5G^L,W#B/<L^'L0]S^X.P2U\X##[QX%QP49_/YB8#SE
M/>-C,(HO,NJFR '8ECY!ZG53S24T(_Y&Z(!G
M';5,83(V-.3F`(D+C:DC-?-J:!N:N!9_+\$]Q9^SQD\?V>\`;+=7EU_"S%=<
MRX!_,IY*.CWK9.0*%F0`$[#,Q^78WRKHY03+;QB3:8IGH9OH)OB(9_T).#^F
M"NB!U==AREP/%FINX'O(B(#VMZL L:-
M7CJNPU5"'\@:PTCR2*K>VU;]//(W453!O($M1Q:KF)@TJ]@,V$]'3T=&&^?I
M'D`H'2&%!(UTV`D^J]FN)V-9?70)--\)E@W9WE2L+`?G5?NAZPNL`%C11)6PNZ0QTSK`%Z'!)9Y*\80P,WA;]PP\0\[4"\
M%0%HQ[,C1N.N`3(J(00*9%!?^C*^5`@ &,H`'#C_@7_B:"NU)/OF2[$#RY".ES
M4T:%00-"K11A"@9.4R,6=@:R8&-:"CP3N;O3@?(\FUEG.?1U$.>3M`2RE]!]8F;N)1B?RDCTO>1;9H33#V?
M%4K-!DZ;C2!PNDS/%YLE=G;$=(/$AO,B#T!$LS&Y"7#U;G`//QB`B5\6IK^=
M)W,3&KVI6/1Y)A9=J,N24?#&=26=^?]F,
MJGO`1\S'MG2Y^0&C\ASA&8[$P4_"$@/P.F@S8KW-B/8'UFDTW_W]GMV#B:(@
M^OP@NCNV+=?&]`+X\K)^4W^H/]63#&3O\!?\]#X*K_>5J*+E1DLL8$RHG4R`
MHV5/A`@6>_)U7%(;N,R+-D;#KD=\`J\*S5.!J[^%C)*A0MBXHWT"(*4-I7W'
M'1&C[ZLXE?@W&G2UX!:.!IJ#^\)`BHPCRXUXS8`.O%2X^P4<0W@2-\H3K2DZ
MDP2!PML9JCB.`8?K#KF3I2=T47&L=?8Y8!"&L6=%L95W] AP34ZFQC VV)]@
MK8U(?SD2CJ%Q]D5PN0LE.8O_8U=\C)W6V) %[E(+U#0H#,&:["9\+_JY
M^5'&(?,>;^4^/I.F+(,06KG,VN/*;73#D"YG`VXXX`@Y?PL/"X;XF,0X8;;O
M13F^EA[E%F)KRK53#8=^ZQ)##',850[%E!.7.Z:[Q.902S[7K;$ 7LZ8]F3JBD@Y5KRI/.A:)D)4AG_*8,W,6D5-NR/I9
M(\. #&W/3` SJ?K2)W']T2@ZLZ0+TY!9[U/X'[&J/\D:DKPC.=V"1D@2)B?%$?'!`9EE
MV6#O\-R/;ILF=]Y/67$QR^X4CO/,7`5/Q3CZWJWE>HZ/W 15,NE%LM
MM5+N/MG1Q^^` (2`X)W!QW^Q]32[\L[U/!RN23]R#Q-FZ
MH05^Q?S-EHT2GBV'DBUY-8?*Z%2KW";[)C?J[P9?E3\5.(3H*8K(6YH[K);<
M[6B>AV,!!8W4-M#:KX%J_C/0S,A6%AUB`T9X&NSK%2`XM5V:?,`-7BHT7[L8
MF#SV?1YO6LXA-EL_XA-WGL&5"3 &UL550)``,GTOA4)]+X5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.U=ZW/:
M.A;_OC/[/["Y7W9GA_)(TCRFR4P"34I+`N61)KUSIV-L`4Z-1"49[ZE6Q>
M!MO(QD+0N_?+38W1[^C\CH[..7KPX5_9;.8>0(`U"HQ,Q\F8I7_3P7\RV4P)
M#89-W );J)`4$VU@'A#S+9
M['6&__?/?WS@("4,.,1EIF6#S(.&,_GC3+%X>7)Z62ADVJU2II@OG'I?8M^P
M3/BSHQ&0F0PL2*Z.EL`F'6R]0[B7*^;SQ[G9BT?>FY<3_L#W_OC8?;MP<7&1
M P!@;`%7OYZ[EJ'"DD;Z=Q8:QY5N_CTN5FIR
M#88(LKX2U*VPD0DIPDY+Z_`&1*0+_79N-G33D/+.IC8R8T!_:@"IBUUS6'
M,T0:X)?-O(;11;@VY"[(A#T-,E4-3:I9[JM$N#MIP*1G,F70!9AAMK3)#2&`
M$@98-;6.:9G4C-$KH7:6Z=(U2[ CP08F
M*8JM/X0-@*^."D>9,3![? \2EPRYN:QP2.0
M0H^O_;WW:GYM3#5]DH;SJF,PU$SCXV0((`$2QT,PT$+LO=1[B':F!)RNF7I"
M8Z]CQ$)$ZM19N$/9[,5GKB&/(N\Q(D0.&Y&(N>O$?:FR6%&&Q&Z[BIVE&$_+
M!N1I(R3:2*SC6]NT#!;,$"9#93#$:.0FGT2:N40#'APK&_07%H(DI>M!T_LF
M!-C9R=".0%/K;>/S%*6XL'`C6=;%DDZ*;9WWH`*9H#T,B+SA%`6G.A:)SU*D
M\D)BE;0G2DE18B2>^E1+1!W^CM<0&TB/E/5I,KN%"Z[1/L!>0"Z#[^7FD^9*
M;:AYFN&JZ]`*(38O3TZS`QE2;T#TC4T5QA=`VK*M;5)8F+_9UH`>$=3E9;+!
M0&ICJPU$A.@F--#=HLHNK[R^%\6"0)?J+R-LSO;V2_SH&61S,K1?O?&-A'1K
MDDM+8!(+90$HVR2?L_IM77-X\;:%-4-FF2\*3G6H%,Y?4,$[4&$RUHVF0#M?
MF8C$5>MK$S$5O2Z16C6GBF"O!?"`1S0RW4``C.)"FQ@K@?I)V1&S;+6$(-]2
M`:#N,#O`MF;YEGBE,B.,?A@>+XXZTUQ[\J9JC@:,W PJY+6JH)@%,>A$3U?)L#'3YJ)V[UF
M0@Y:@WQ0U;J^`HK450M!9/7U&5&*!#69;J&R"2SVN.>=0+'X@H +XA\,/R):G(]_ .^UM`D@#R9$
MV*2.>[(($%[H]+?"S8TZ#X#VD9@AB8[[@U0`Z&@'LR)H21.'5^Q7%UA"+JY!))WFI
MXQ%!Y#='B5/-!D3ET;-JO["!D+1WLWL2^T"6T:7M 'HJT^UIV1R9!H`&W\+LU8.-5UMBR!H#777$F8J=Q-%V=&%GQV7>
M^9'OZ]DE"']^>W@Z^>O/9WUH3U[@Z87Q=C;JO3BP7;;']V?XXNQ+\;7= MXN5>O&RW?K^!0^=VJE M?_EJGDR^T_QQN_?IM`3`;?OU:[MDY%[?NN"M?MX^NZ#%IU=2:U3HS ?<4UKE=ODS I\WAZ?UP\GWQT)I^^G+PG[=I[X[GS[?6E^JEV7##Z_<>\\^M\]/K4
M;?9']X47_+/3^0R_/IY_@D:Y_'Q[WOSR>'KW6BPW'VP=ZX67UV:1]JZN_LJ4
MF@U^!4125\XU7L>(6XAQZ[0)+[7/TXX;?H>%NWH@R8>+HB7L3'TZU&3%WM
M7.6)L` V`I/^WR1R,9@&30+X:H-5[=C5DRQX3M6DK$YF[S\ MN0M3(4A:6(BGOA&"T\I%IN_>2V"AQL-0`!F,64=8).'ESKF5X>4
M@?=_&20FDN.P/6XRU8=GA4G=;H=ZEUT1)LKLVBL&S(]7\5B3N0D;TH( N>35DUG.CRQF-!IVRB89
M(F+R?M:ZCPBR>`WPY]Z&]++-HK@[$XO=YY2X\4.,D+94YY33LW3.HJVZ>B8]
M3_H779!VTD40^="'JJB"I[2>[X;6Z=ULTFKQPNB''4S%4?.4X(M5@M.LQ7@E
M656UF"#TK0[`ZP`8;MDY8):3?6HZ#OS>^J@(>U@Y%B>NZC2WERT#SY>EFX!2
MR]VXNR-S3B#%OJ8&"0@7U7NZ&]-F=X>VT(WNWAZZV\$MCKZG$Y0HT3'4'+9S
M+ EM,R)(1IX
M3^J:B
M.[(3BLEOYN"3Z4(5K.%:=[;,*K4+F["5URZ"R`R\`GRC%D,SA.W8:VCC!XVR
MH:E9 G"Y(BE\Y*6_@F:-\0_BG>\.J#N0&>[I9*A!_I8(A84="&G3([F'[3^*&F+1*"I;9\DLR$J&/FOB%U
M[]JI=9EV5SZ7DR9L+572S' ""TJ@3E2[A@6,OS=S6%!QH:?Q]I!M"_T`Z9)RVYKC4O[
MG9@0I.3%G+4&YQF/>P MU"^9; 3[!KLOP(=$2@0(@&A"=+0?UHI&
M1#?[!S0:_PL7BSOO>#9592P
MOWI)L,+LNVB%"?MO]O=YDBQ_?/GRZ]>O?_/83ZD7$$SCE'B8\B^>O7CQ7\_X
M__[W__H[)W)&,"?QX[.'%#^[0>39R>MGKU[]^.;MCZ>GSSX^G#U[=7+Z-G^(
M/1$&T9='1/&SIT48T9^>5X@]/9+P;S&9O7QU O GKUZ\/OW;$_4W+++?^,F&3'6`MR_S/S[/!/;L
MV=])'.([/'V6O>./R7J)?WI.@\4RY*QGW\T)GO[T'#$`&;G3-Z>O !SF,8HY"]]/\ ?Z,#_WQ[JKVNOPACO-+_L>7PF=?_A +^*&!_X/F&?%XR8+K^[C[^T!O_]G+W]/`Y]3.C%
M'VF0K!_8(*]B\EJ%1\G3+TL]8%N49XC.+\/XJZX,-\]EG-GAZT. `"K?+ZY#B(<3]EFYP=*:WO_
M(7LKFH_]]CJ.9FS#7ISC1V6&Z@_99>B[7#NHLE+^W*H2X0-_?Y_$WI=)MMAN
MV1Z@/)/V'[3.VP_Y2S-=SU0\L[NT^&M^V+*J>W>-F=6BS%/Y_!8_7V2 XP0%8 5-F5/*T5:'>Q6$XC 1"F3)X7B$1L.=%;
M3#+?C_+;*(UCE?,1LPE\3HU-UWOLI41/F\@>MS?-]PP#%=;V'P)DR,#3VCJ&
M1?-W-B-XQE;Z#4H*B.(II_^@*U3%D:SN\.EB@B8
MVZ>6SH[E8-;?0>B*UF2_=1SKG-< V)E\[
M3]EV%33ZBC59E(X!XC309'#G*>N.R>KI7Y.UQF?M.BL;/ 19>3$H2(7K$X4_/4_IBAM!RZS3G=N<5^T@;A92]
MZA31Q^Q]BX=? (8!LAP_0!<0W-$
MZCPS]$M6BHF@-E.*9Z8D7JC@DL1B0<3$Q^2GYR?LM]D !9GDY7_CV,*?9_>IZ0M/:6AGB `MBYM$?L9749V,6I4;U*
M `!@,+E5,!R:DF39;;_/2;LN'-19._S4-TM*=QW&?6;PDY1
M.$8H#@6Z/NK&51,.8KW``="22>LR,5LC[%0:1QF;HR;I6UHA^U0.&AB9=-K7
MA:FZVLZ`G*YP2=@"14)O(/#()%8`] 5 D6B>=OLH[,D&S.A%=#Z*LBH6[GI?H9"[
MX4;)&2)D'42S3RA,0 DP-2'"[/Y%L)'>80\STDR/?L!)
MP33(FI+1W4K`E=F.O0+63-KE#J4RB>4P"L2I 15I0`T\SEEB`F?C>MB=]:;5=79GHO"\B0O!Z]RQ)3D&"*
MG."PD&D1GF6/<4GU!GGS(,)D7643#"\)-0?;MCE6,JF!><9X^)R-D65_7D6W
M))X13.'6EHRWF6/OL 4:W.3,@HD,_`#F\'X,!K<0=9
MPD!E?=M=WD!^!RF]@S7]U:15@/3&_F*>)'-,X(-*362
M\(\1RM ?)?<3:'@*.%HMN-L!V;-H$5,'UG^3!0F1*\N![.4]1,
MR*'G3FV&"I9/559@^585>L"(N,1!.@,%X@ D.S5K
M'E:)](#\KF7 =#I@2`?,NXF(^?T6-D^<9M"U8U2@TT)*4CVGFD@I>M0
M,78"3IY@`)`R4NT2`@A:$QF71TH]D!J%I+!E&2)"Z;;H=\TF"$E16,OR`@5*
MF?J`U*..3%M];!V./)PN]O=YASL%"2FZ=1OHP= .'M6?3_6O&O7M&P^RNUV*"NPNC7"^MD$E!R&;SN=K`1R@TID
M%%:-,>+L(\8+;GY.R-WF,_:%A1_]5B\=J
M2&"URP,NY:)2J0:X_G9H#-)-M2^I=HO0S.?A^YE$4'B+`O\J*AHT@K@Y!*0<
M62#=01+*#LQ*O.-]GJ)MP]Y:'D;&+P1P"E3=)7-V`5!%G.W!7%,PJ\R6%_+8
M!Z^!BF.37WT2USN;[$L++K(HGE9P2+72=.J>,D.M78ZJ/07^_K+>ZJK2/0R^
M!]9NR^QC2RPHAH\ML8XML8XML8XML8XML8XML8XML8XML0X!&)ETCBVQ#@@>
M-RVQRIN@+F-R'J>/R30-]UL-0*8/:3'@-@:KV%)+3Z2M:[!KG5FUEFDR+>B6
MEZ_DM]JQ*4>!4I%-^'#J*E`$V4B^4#E*]5V6'? C0>"K2-FQ
M"E;#5%6*@%5_508R:G24)O.8\.(1>/CV*`Y!W;8)K37T9`VJ+![36#C0DIOF"@UF1:G[?54O1\]L5-R_Y
MO'/0 ]AR-$@A@\:EXC!&4-0X3+ZQ(""\N69#Y&=(F]8!I@
M'RYD+B8&:>[J! ^)I36"8R3]K.WD
M+8FG,"GPU>$/WJ55DT5[J,5,U^"0?3U[CR-,4,C[/?H+)@N>:\\OH`=L'J=(
M>1"'.E4I@I6#OV?OP5L)3"*N)2?36A](T%:IBI0'`:.J%,'J@B:,'.*](/+#
M]C50`^,F,BY[GJBATR@ K+5#3HHW4LV7,'QW4S'%(5@);4)KC;\8:[])
M-$XI;T)`KZ($$Y(N\P[8-"4\[>0.>_$*$Y""'QWRCO6@VJ3>U8G*LH7)9LV8
M_A!'<5T!`-HF+13=KD1]#-L$"-7:(9LMF"8U !H3G/_N`3UA>A-$,0F2= .'B#
MDWGL\RO3:))=Q`(S'_IC?P!1W%[1;`W;6\ELVF1_,,;RGES^YQ1P1FE0'\"$
MT)$E5)2?*;#MC!JM4!!F[4+C2KRT;`@0A&D"$__79^+PCTT&@FU/""N"PY
M+W-ZQH@&'IMD@("VD3QX'V"KS%0R!HS0^@T'LSE/ZF>F/9KA#RE_E >)0"&
MP);8N! >+65P
M6F0&%7/>[6\*AY&`TC"6CDA,,%F]?]46R:H^,_-VNOI0]%&F*:C-/'`8A.68
MUKL498CGY;GG*6&D;C$)XKSB_0/^FOT%Z'"O0G@(8*E)4*%!D4T`\RGD`L%=
MRL-1?`I2!$N;/R8='%S2@32IWDWE^QFB\\LP_OK<1H!P3VS'J.8QJJF+Q['J
M_5CU?JQZ/U:]?PM5[UF[]'*+S7*)-X5>(R\)5OFE,SJW_"D/=L@559IB@7*G
MJ1MR69::6_LX9V$`IU=MJ8+ 1%7Y`4A;ZW`N7J(V0_@EZY5X4*Y,_-@1[9=;.Y9X25[
M=YABLL(T]Z4S,Y-@1/$YSO^%F`E&?#BUTO56315S,YG;3J//9G?>F>$J6L4A
MTS*(K,\#NHQID-^^\B&.V%$"\^]'E.*$GJ?L@'$9['8B%]CJQH-_8U9;1TDK
M1*Y,"_)K4^PJRBIUMR^5,0*QV!4I?\-J7U7V"@$M$.R+1"NPWAK*U)VH^$.8
M`54$@"X+V7N%CY1;G@TO`N224Z4^#&^ / E?0@5Z>R7,%N+Q>82`WOT:.YV41]N.9FHRRA>LUR!M@ -R'ZWD\TXU7\,9AX/'-V-QZVA\, #G"M
M'$E1FFH!HMZ6Q^L['/+BX5M$DO4#82=*]G[\;H4.*T,T).3Z:*79I55/\]`-
MZK3/-VLB[WC%J`)?=U)I2% @U"9WQ6MPZRU:..#0D[K%HI=NC(TCMS3
MC% 7^O$#&7'480]1)3RN$H;=:SJRY'I/LC*YZ@6I'3$Z
MM#WNAUSS7$4>8S18X7(Q&^\4#?KK/ETN\R2UGOVW#80[-"C )!T'[78_:
M/!S,`E28#'N=0[6$?6@+ZUV1ZV"X+^9/0ZZ7'0K&21?Y.)/I-:84]V42MA-U
M//.;\:M.<06Y'5Z(XO2D SNYI)FIUZ3!7[Q1,3"WO%(.+5S9'_,4IIBL(L(0!R$2C1
M-8W/%8--R%4T)?B/E- EI4R^2\+B;=[GE9'(^@W Y`H`$C
M$2WSWM`[(\*ZPX3$'-<6MD!8\W2)!79` *>:]
M?_ 8
M3&(JI9`H9"6RR)7/<3$XK+='&>3QH`?^UA?362&`TNCD*`:
MXS#3$P _T`%8;R(%)L5\Z0$Z%;)#LBV4Q*A4RF^URT8/ARTEPD[;,6B>O-0D66(I
M\7P8`7F)`I)U?MBTX$'A]E*4@@\((-4(#PA(14F60-KV>7RDC/`%38(%.T&"
MN!EW*`S'?MP530F!_692(Y]?*Q30PM_5AT)L(SD8HZ15=B5LEOT>_#X8]E)<
M"9_C%0[C[(Q^\<2CSQA._ZF0'9)%HB3&$L+VB^,-^KA]K3!,XHA]]'!%]?:P
M%K5Y&)137U_")=QM;I,#Z8.3W53>J41I\*'GTNF\>SU*)AIPPUZ!\J!6C*HT
MP6Y3GV,_Y4W\2T:V)5(HW"8_47AT35D9T@YH+&ZXH/:&HXUG^RPEA'WJ$_$6
MVL.$N$V@*O =
M6,;.99KPE-C*Q=2%[=W?7+#"W^`FB1U4%.XJ,[5)R\M/+V.2MWOB%^MA.MGV
M9:Y$ PN?4V>JZQY[* 6'*SM6\G3^OPDCS!K?[+]#3W+#&Y8""
M"1`8M69,N&OL5_&\_-7Z^VV1YD-7`D8]K2XA59?Q'?66?RKB4ZVC[(#=#4J*
ME3F9\HG]4)W8/2&IR(/KQCT&T*I*5_%"2G>][+9Z[MC2SI;:W/9NJC)0D3PM
MKIU9][D8C;ER>/ZUW]3.!DI*%^KUW7RKXT(>3@^NBBLL DJ!?/:O'RD#G@::\54*W_:G73?5@O*T>/)NC:(9I$.TF(9SC!`5Y*H)N
MIP5AJ6)![$I`3.MJCR[C&YL[NU J='HX*,
MX93K/OTRF`]TR:N \%AK8E5T3=C` MIO=D#)>WLD\_4QN[+_(!0YWT5:D["2OW@[A8XJWI*8:8)YA@FMRR;0,,V#H)
M-^=4&/AVA*>:0=*3ZR_RV$MRFY#RUT*1OTF#*ES_Y?E:WQV8B9-1.*M24
MT#J#:@YI.NTW]:+O4T00@Y$M/9H2GCO&NP3SL>E=0+_ :\'*1^A@;Y:-@1`IFG>7=)BFG4QY\2-90=F /J`%/L_VBIYQ;V0!Z&.JR33=XH4C@DF,D++\G, L]%8[ `1M9MYN:?2'/\(8*I1NQXC#:UP?XN;@/:J.\B\-P
M&I.OB/CQ=)*237\?]F7UECH4^6/DIZ4Y0SS*XJ)WXV1V2&_8>8
MGV?YI5AP24IFC+C<57N=!D(D@/9 /:M8Q(]PBM66"^SG5Q "XC7[:P0 LS]H@X#9I)=4;]XO$]X618JIS2SE?$!)WF['-Z>?+1B!DK6Y":N
M+,UY'#+JN=T"L6AT67#GJ0,]&1@C`M5 P!;
M*&.P*V1JTPM\.7_[".[(4^4B&(/]LN#D*IK&9*&?52%[_AM5I^URL]^](J.9
M,5MA,=?;H\BO;?096UH8FHSKJLX0'EDC*5N_5B5/U`S8^,%C$_]:`*N,XS!$
M`8^IDB`5^EJ8>5.:+FBI8$1`C-\.W'SSEG(7
MI(KY\\[NSOTQ\K?*)K^?S4@-J(SS3>_<2H(L_13VRP8;]Y$:3[WMWG6JSMI[
MNMN^=\1>@FZISB5[N8 84)FN'"7YKYT?4/VBJ#?=,J75VD):#V?%ZE@MDA_R'ETBBN$Z*\-A+[
M8%$)9=K?ZBS0!Z&V(0M7VQ/0IB+9ZVUCG&S5,?KY@&@,ALAV86*`1@TIK&I%VJ7K4.B
MK=!NP>(4A6UNTTK3=3>;'M9M^\31:G=)]>IS\XO$>6.IB+*7X+8WZ*E41*K+FJR/"796
M;"(#MEZ$I[T6K&JIA$UR<50:5N
M+)@BP!H&NL(P+FVQ-OVPL RENP^/7=&O"8C^ZTSDX9
MM@[2`UA3/U^]ST]V(\Z7!DR-#[JMKE.&H/FEK5=YU&F-304\'K"`QPT"MER.
M,0KC^P21,8ITO#3[3PU#>S2\K=)=&OH:OKPZMD(QX]!,HZN-YJ!$PDA_*\I&
MI<3!L'"LP@2$:5H;_X!6AO3071>*4B7FW__CQ8MG__W;S: 7^>A+\D/WP\N[[U?_]7
M^/IM],_'R=GYU?K]PQ]75Y]>_7:+IZ_^>?[_?CY9SW[Y??G^UW\$;Y[^E9R\
M_CC[^>T9QN./G__Q\ /W[]+7GWZ3"=W5\GHS1-^]_B/]?GY
M[6_1!/\1_?,?:XH_)?22)" ?UY\>/[Q]__K5#T\7ZZ>??WWS'?TX^3T4\__?U`;7*MQ7'\WT:%T=;$ODCEE7:XYJUL4FB'CC@_`JZN,6R6X,
MN6H/J`V[R)MK@`'0/0E:7`'>)FG$A[MV)?W-!(U;)?N:`5"W2AIRXJQ94JTN(QG2S,Z,&&\*F/0,\#M*1H$R\,Z1=^G
MBP4BZW@Z\I)@%23L4S+G_=26*%K3K)I]LLRNY#2K[ +W]R6T^0T;9O:DY#Y,TH0F*?+9,
M\U9E$&O'/I.NCN+F (:LS YX-E1AL-SO4)'J%Q
M/B&V3/Q5]4,=";`;215YX=$:UY-BRX/+ 7*85JJZ4+3FR'MN*CE9?5R
M1,SO `QSAB$DY&
MR25F2*&0IZVF;-3U]GF4@#AX[#+HSL!7G`35E649&ZBRQHOI%'./%*[1VWG-
M_B>.#;8&-5VLX``5U1"\SX>8J^;4RQJ\%_.Y1RW22-ZE(6=/2S1+%NP %L+_#QG((Y`K.]VHM_&8JY*$2Q5465*G "UXX.H'FUD]B_GME&D0
MS0I/!)!2T*#^#=AWS5(ML/WN$-(?]R8CBOSK`#VR=ZY>RVE61WQZLI'&YL+3
M%H+7S6VP).7%G8B871!E2+:A1Y;=]ZI>?ME/?RRK4-?JK,WE:^%N2[.,'5XM
MS`>^]W"$2!!#]=MJ)N3L-DEK2Z*6"=,L3*`:T9+(QX@NL1=,`^S#=>82$^NG
M^9.D.9=T"M?OHQ4*K&^(8!IT24%RV9ZK.T1JUR8:.=.+O)7*HL=4HUN(Y'&'
M<9A6Y;#9MV2O;S=K/B.W+:HQ$[?L>:=E1^H2EXH`XF[0O?U,*U`D?MI-S1Z,
M^2:1D=TV9N5\V2.XB:9?QY2>(4+6TYCP-%F@_J?JY%VZO%KG;KTKCH9,X9IR
M[C#!/I3?%3[3.TPQ66$ZBOR1YY$4A33[%U?G:B^HF_+FSL_1;4(88P&4P^C(
M[:GJRAPDQA+7)$!_CGV=PR_$Z$=E9Y2&NA0+.0%%C_;(O2=L"^@%EIS24&$I
MY-0>%.IDAY:Z=6UJBNX/X-)*@31'&T0%T_JU@6;`WV1)V'DF4ZBF(.T.XRQ*
MIC(#91CLR0.LUJ69^"W!2Q24I@NT.I,0/@CM)H504Y#VG4MR!OJP$O;(#1VU
MNLD`:,QM-'E/Y[%&>@=R[-;"JUEPK39>;Z%COE&_N@]F43`-/!0E[*C'+SH+
MHMEM'`9>L-FYC>/'2J/O;?RMD57-84UM`&52>G%AC2&AG.;B,+`98K7`KX[(
M+(1Z#;7;+8F7C./U; 0>&"/0X5^5'-6:]$IQ5D;XBE;N[)<
M+"TPWXB0)HQ6E&+D4A=V1$A-X9F55L<1OWXDSQZ^"^B7\7J,(V^^0.0+E/)K
MI0GG_>A+$;:+%:ZMQA[IDC"< C/4E*1JM- + S-N
M3\PP6:,-)U(ZHW>HC56F#'EH;E"*DGU!&[INTW?;HPCH$9>0.
MT%B3>8RDDNO11(/V^;5"=G"&F2%JD.;8/0KY%2,K'*68MZ,"LP>:";EL^*5X
M+JQ5^31+"\9N*#0UH^?A8,6U,QPZ0EHN$IZZ("06FG5C(]M>)Q$N?5,:M4#[
M3SFM`&IU'&]"Q@VO:SDPF/=WYYT`?`/!-C[H]H8N=>$VOS50\>`X3/%U$#UI
M"'?G$9>J05VHN^\)YF< )7?Y0"'BXR<4[UNB))4?'#ARQODS8,(DW654SC49.2&B)I4?'")IT4#
M6T" 6:J55X0'<4#+`V&2DB@KEBV+*^G[.(:I45 8Z(ZNDFPA*UI$Y7NV*EAVZOJ&C%5C;9_]OK8)
M)I@F9S%-:''70?`G!KE34TAKX"I3+$.P2!I;Q[QE[F^(7VR8K(M>$4!JL8G2
MT!>72(#M76,-\2I*TK)[+,^#5>#CR.]\$YE[/WF[!!YCE !6JC]=^>0!N=6F\EAEU1/:LUR$'FSK@7U*0,46S2`Y+;FP#!%H:8:`V9[5
MY#>K%]5[#-A$KQ^=N$^PCY6GKQM55EJ#\("R1:14X75D,V@'J3"-.78>.78%Z"KR7=L"7!L"7!L"6#@ _.9@1 IL8T3\R?0\(-AC/Z&:.E+RN,,"$`4!
MR]X;9I-_3S".SGA`G:SOL+?V0D$UKD#4LN>=%@0J2%OZ[G".#Y$C+4O[H9-I
MY;L^G?M-Y%WG[!@%PXWD#-4JIFRM<8O6_(1:X2G`M+B,=Q3Y'^+(R_\#`G)]
M)IQF^W1"W4#@8-T-]ONJU-F!Q%I(TVUA@15LQ?)4*^+I+8?K#7^=>'I&L!\D
MV[PMHYU:--Z>Q%I3G^2C='$0VMEY Y3.8Q@6.N$K"5B-\@*ZM[H.BW`'HU-=)P'O<2S4HP'>+RK
MB1Q0%T8!*$Y;+QI#`AC@^H1(D.WS;)>'TEU[-*"``-):^S)J!:,S%G#ZJH&*
M^WQ.T304P0#?.':?&HRF$L#A4E&9@0'9#Y:OULFT'TM+2.L`@O1::DLL-+#S
M>!/):WZF`\P\:J7INE%VV^1MPZPN0*CFA"V$892?&G9NM:%-^,N_P*@Y7
M032K,P"8.B,EZ+1)L^3P5W=A2T4&$7H;A?%]@L@815_85(D7"UX^KA$0DCWO
M-""DJOPW[ARI),`.H;>$K7MNML"MBUT2;K-'Q,>*>I>*';'`Y)@U39(B@C^.
M"8F_\K6(ENPOR;JO'4=(WVF01MDU:B9:R_Z$C.U _-I@-O8Y?DRN(LJ&X;[LLG,77[EY5YEM.Q+^79X\DV YV23L.
M=0,N8)4V>D8QW#H+]]CC#8G&ZVW@?54$WD48"[90DW%=-G72VV&-I&:W85X#
M'V?Q"D NKX,_TL#/6L!-IG:0-J$RE*W5EE`5NNM9\']"GSN'MFW69=/:-C6V5F[E4,L.,#;?RNT`#,`]ZFXSZAIG:BUI+,&.X1`\H!;(;%92RY
M(RB`>8`;SNZ9L8U($(/KM!HA]QF!9LJL+BV8M,"2QL>(+K$73`/LP^DR,3'G
M* S=8L+KC"
MW5UZ@$F#S92 )0E.H0EI.6Y&*YZ;8E2JDH+2:"**,#I-BHY;I=8-(#BE
M]A @;!:7
M_52K;7G',B7>'%$\FA&<>UYW6("\)$"5N-NVL[(Y7*^5418FV*4!BAQ`72"@
M`:A;36D=4V"_W+&^U\`[UU;?*\Y\M(G3L;[W6-][K.^%U)*9>N!WV%8SUC4J
M1@6/.BT6;?.-;;*`1.]MMSSQVZ[,51:V2D6N)3]/1N^6L1E0&I,UW_W.>0W&
M+VFX/GUU 2GC-4`A:,TF<>$
M:;C[.`S\WQ!-\!WVXA4FZT+W!3@KO8A2/(XC7Z>!M%6"#EM.JZ\LJQ)6B%@8
M[3&,E ;
M,5<48]3USQ6E*?;/L9?1?77"(#S1P%=WS&'`J"VI5N>6"5J$Z841+Y+BU+4P
M:7IR"/I3\,XJ)UUC"8_O<13$Q%C.SF[V#0+A.`H]#D2XCFC*MSS/V`?*X8G8@4AG%I
MF*NZLS:(J(@%`(V?K]X7^D]3#S4^Z+8;D3S'KWH33L,K0_3CVE`:FPIW/%CA
MCAN$>X`W)RF^EMQ&4#@Q'_:+R3=CZ5G0R&4\1A2X3]H.!9=33*U)VJY([&=Y
MY-O,DK_Y:=7UJ;/I"I]VJYQ:ZUBVVZSX_4$E_JJ3Q)N>'I;$&]\?*)Y14"QN
M$;J*?@TB7U_D38\[/,YJ"[SQ]5LW+"OS>S1E_[YZ I
MWR@:VUGBI27V35P!K)UHU?U*X&-K-?MPZG=J,)$KT(YRBP(_5Z15\FH!Q.9'
M!X*!].W;3S\6UA$_D\"OEXR*Z_9F'5=&+JD^NH%>(@_G5W'"(U.AY;1O;T=P
MJB)K[^UY[#-F&8SKICYC`%GAMR3V,/;I)>.7TZ20@(B).6[>IPV/1&P*83B#
M;`1F?A/D)=?H,28W;#/C07(ZBOR+/](@"Y-?/"UQ1-6V>/717'9UT]OS-20$
M$+++K8V"@EJ[M)U'AK%7-+ZL2B=*DP;Z2[3FN+&UQ=GZD/(7X,TP*3L@A=E?
ME`2M--!P)KJ:7%H[4UJPJM@Y)HC]P+O-^8$WK78)#F/-*`I/I<>D?="R[L)C
M-F_B."J_BL>8GZ!ZQU/&RR#69W>)EY,`H*[H>#\".-(*]R.<2EL%&0.;Y\7P
M`H\)"69!Q#,H'Y/\_`:&J)SH()T3+7(L090XO@U/8=5 L6D0G)_;J?4)CR6Q W,I3E6@)JL0/8M:R
M,$LFX:S#M/FL##^H!5:32RE\B_G%)1U^1.<732;SV.=W'=`\G?!KQ%3Q/%C"
MQJ'4B0\*.PV9ELC*[@VQ8IL4V;O8KS19ZLM$D=`>HM&I)M0267NN&5FZ\/'N
M2NNN?_6[*V5WD'2.#'"K"D4>SCU.T*&!'6J#4KLRJ97A9]L)>Y)[HVY0Y*/L
MYJ# X7,9QE_MW<>E06D8R]&F:$OD;:=Y:+%WQIY@XBEG*"3T
M8E)#V6NMBK>$7Y[%V-O50=_EMF'UTB"S*WGJ`^W)L?5"'M'SAD'2_2'U[@=J
M>A;R+"V^'*A%L+5K@1K?N/.%0*96PZ;K?.C_HN$4!1M")Y!BW[U0I7D>K`*?V;$\6`KK[E6B
M.TC<1#*TW27K&`>#1K(U`F:QV54S!W?8QXNL&.R6!%Z/8(H(NTW?-D92*,?V
ME'H3@^2&R661+G+__V2::_(/F#'A/\1WG/NHV)QWV`QF36^265PNR@RO!Q+,9I@4(9:B`#/+
M;O:#)-U5>L(D8[TQA[$.M"6EE%K?FZ/SA_PUKR)N"P4K?!NBB%; T?:1X.:TV%.J!4;-;ZH@F>Y>5+.K'5`T`[L]93OX`?A&
ME6=G[9Z&K7B@[M;@%.!:_52'=^L`W9MI>W*&Z>360`+HFI*ZJ-VZ,U6E#>*P
M+.D4FS?42()RYK&Y@O?U)
M$4\>?47$+TN[\O-'T2'[3Q@OIGTF73K1M,T"0*R4>PEJSBH4XJ)GZM;;-YEN
M,CS'>!H3_$!X9VTOJ>S!5F>--A-.DW_,IX6^L.&N!L^FV&/[''W 5=VN-H^I+@2D6&&X=)Q-U4S)``-IMIU*D055<7!^9C"O)39\P378W)&$&
M6>LPPU(.RL(!ZI^2D2SZ[:?\+H6\TC0+&33O8S`).-I$9(F0]
MC0D_=D+I.C$Q0*"`])U$_=J+.[`=EL5H"IJB5C1K],*HTB3PLILNR!HNO:"9D$,W6]O)L]:Y
MI5E*4,6=60G!*/*OV:_"7U(24#_(HI-P\+21'`A0K9*SO8ZR'37/-^?7GL\B
MGCMPB\GO&!&=N^2E([B\%4?QJ+*])%XN"\CM)\$D0F%QW?@])JO`PU=W]W"+
MIHWD02V:9LR4I0=Q;>D9"@,VHZ(`G<5A3)`?LZ7[@)^0SEU>K8,X2=G7Q4%1
M'G"'HXOI%'L\JKKAF- :9# TN0>_3Q\_L51[BBZ=E0,`R
M&3IR-+#IT57^2$,FO-+#."B$V$B)'A]C8$+-7A72:):\-0DXO*
MG5S]ILF _)J3TU1&ZY##S@I! /R%;EI_,3]+YDP08,KS>0.(N5&>2KO.X$%0H2IY!.0A`ZU
MB`@>1":.=!8KX-5+3HZ`*F2@10;:(<1:[.`&&X.>)'-, )E&3MKZ*:$IX'W#N>EEA`M(/7X>\\^./MNUB)&3EQ=>?
MA?Z*5VP%V4TX9@9?31[N@!Y:^?$@Q9M*''@&F7J[(*
M;DMM%$4I"O.04?E7M:(TU;% @!80EQAS%4VQC+1*SB
ME;3B??9D50?8`L8#P-[6(1]BL0SC->^LEWAS?KU3
M]>]Y.?EDFOT1*.[9D2DW!=T=YLY.(+0K)C`^-7/FN6N&X"Y6Q^`+;Q:F&*
MOQG!_%M$UM4?Y5:_@_G1QI'K#1QPAK2"H=BAO;]=_ F/%S1H;
M5?>B00U"B.U#=:N_%XVO&3R4#^.B$E\9@WK$L$4>;FKR=WAZ8(^`73(E(`6Y
ML6D$"96F:RV]720ZL$J$?8)PH4$QL7XB3+(;I^1SM@4CG=HKNS#!A`.E0+F,
M`]J`22W^9VC\5>^EA%)Z#52&JN^:!`96"5>C!5MO*J3E./]!/$'%J&@6EUK%
M!D:]2=%QF^C0#2`EU:9O>H\GH\L@0I''3M.C&I\NK\YBLHP)2G!.&-^PCR1`XK2\"S)QV=U<
MFBGEO5L#K^BO#(_1+D&GS8YM8+4GP78_IH$_KNBK?Q-'R3Q-.2[+T)2\3Q.$TWSZ/O?RH%?D749)U'Y_&9)'7TFJ?
M9WT ,5>. SNC#:.ZF)K5<6$3URQ.&Q[/JI<<3/9WLS(1G.@*W3E7'][^WF0G,992@@C
M<1E0#X6\//0B\L^EG2Q4I2T E;Z0T!@*-BK3:34=#D&[3QS#P+L,824Y>>IA4AQR`7FJ0@\JEX/H"'S&.
M?,[598@L+(#ZLE
M9>$,(AU]$(I'+I\"DA_LZ:& XQH'&$_NZM-
M$A+3PT`T_*#0$,JHQ,5:0DR5OSQ48.U4W#SL,!220"2E^"WVTZM2VQ[`+]DW
M%AV$NP,/8E\62J5$P>:!MTXLAQT$A.K00S@F2`13XB`]"LN&UL550)``,GTOA4)]+X5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.V]?W/DMI$_
M_/]3];P'?'/WI.QZ1FMI;2>QD[NJD;1:*]'N*))V'9\K=44-,1*]''+,'Y+&
MK_Y!`_PY!$``)`%N\EQ=Q5H)Z&Z@/P0:C4;W7_[/T1%ZBR.<>!GVT?T>!6=?
M9-LOT1$ZB[>[VW6`+J.,_'6=!4^8_"YZP@GY-_G[8Y;MOO_JJ^?GYU=KTC1=
M!PE.XSQ9XQ1^@8Z._AO!__W?_]=?@,E9@H'%]^@NQ^B=EZ#CK]'KU]]_\^WW
M)R?HP]T9>GU\\BWK1'J$0?3IWDLQ>MF&4?I?OVLP>[E/PE=Q\O#5Z^/CK[\J
M&_Z.M?S^!7[1:O_\-6U]\MUWWWU%_UHU30->0T+VY*M_O+NZ73_BK7<41&GF
M16M@D`;?I_275_':RX(X4I`+"5O`OX[*9D?PJZ.3UT=?G[QZ2?W?_3>;.83^
MDL0AOL$;1$7_/MOO\'_]+@VVNQ`DHK][3/"&+TF8)%]!_Z\B_`"3#UR^`RXG
M?P`N_U'\^@XG*;[R[G'X.P3-/]Q/&_WO[<9D6^+
MHVRUN0@B`K?`"Z_C-`"0+>_3#+X_[MQ1439>>D_E*A_0;)IVC!Z*OZ.C#[>_^
MN^J*X@VJ.J.R-_JY[/_/OS`1_KNA+?CW,FFKS$O6I93DQYZ1%2V^6L=DK=AE
M1ZU!;I)X:Z;L+#:8FZ_,@7CFI8_+R(?_O/DU#YZ\D/!+E]F9ER3[('KXZ(4Y
M_RL>B$0UQE\=ZFQ2,"K))$`C=*IPY@)E6IILPDQ]U&,O##N)YV/D%1U14O5 AKT\6\/W[MV.)0P443J[VSV-J']2!:SN5%G)S'^7VVRDG[I>N X-#.%M>$Z,E
MP*G5Q9;/>O1-7@I8-:$$4%UV08J.R#\H!;0C)/;.P:FG^R/#TT\=`9S-CGIRS.O%!F'1U*
MP#L@?6:3>&R^EE\G>.;2'ZS,-3S6M[; 8B>=YD'H!]%#NHS\R^TN
MB9^H-SU]F\1I.H5VY0RMJETJB@`/51_JV@BQE^+'./11T.C?-,^=($9)J4TH
M] 4T@
M]8QZR"5*(C0KNCC]HZ@
M7W^MFX&>43CA.X$SMM6[E(DG-7?(K?X'N6[L@
M=ZUR=#!2T6[[A-0[%4/\HODVI]ZMPNAF.)+;+VR1H#MP0E#^0WF#A=/L?&TH%/=KQ)'7UAGLB!*^7G
MQ.[LCA.
ML>WWQ0'(11)`#%JBH&B*UG&:I74,0&.E]!HK!`T).%DB 'P#_#\-HA.CPOX5=(.Y]/`=\\'@&@T]&!CGOG&ZBT;[^E90]2R^>+%Z
M1])L$0QT[>TA$H@&Z5D(%N.QLVZKB"3IBPK;L2[H]__QI] ")AH\*86Q`%=ZS&(4KXV[0L5@71AUHP_;$:5S0!OVK&'O?,R8$F[BJ.'
M.YQLX0@Q(>9X;.R&3'0%$-U&%0$R6R_+DP"F&MP#(>E_E!$"R"<4G!^;)&IK
MA5P(1CVJOY#W/E=+";P(1NK9+E7QKE+%9S[QQ\:;Q56 [(T
M)+D7MMX=3?KY*G.W:YBH"R;>0*!'6FT864R#)M?P,[$9L[!ZCKP./7K;0ITH
MH?> L<0S*MM58HT8@'X,7&`B1<="R[;I27FW9T.'^Y<0,4E05&LJ@,
M/Q=-Z]\7KO3UY
M.,G^]Q;#$\@W18:VX#[$UTEQ<4G)OZ.A!VT404>*C9/7!3)T2%E-\*`AF"@_
M%.V,WJ!&=U3U+Y'$2/S3F9%CH$M`EN[T&)M`0N)D_2,_8KP%?^,JN:E^AB`1
MG*QV +X^-CE#YZ9-3(R[/'.(&8'XA:6GS[^IOR+Q`W`B$BD)TGSR!/(L3E
MB0.A(.9I@8)H'>:L87%"S2/ZXM0/G@(?1SY=V?_SV\7)=W]@\5-?+_YX_%T?
M62(0^%[(:,.]Z_#_L3Z1@VCU3V95;?9#/R"M)@L2_P2\EX
M]P\'-L4"$0(H3A`C@2@-1(@@2N7?5[/'4YPRR+=T'X^E75Y".CWM.D^>,+D6
M3X99+QZ_6QM/.R:%V!J_&J]JE8&M);K)TO2XW9!EC<6XX
M:.:W)'!4W8>\P^D98(6>EWZG(EJRN`9<1OZTUW=*?&W"4$6@L9R.0M\?_XV9
M"Z3JX*()5^5I')0C9KN-(WI_M.1=[8SE5N]PL>UEZXH@3`4##1&[&EQV;W+<
MN()%6FI[=KE#-(]`8`3I8CGAC ?V(6Z.KQ3?3.QQ"<5>?G!I `SCVICJ45WK#;ADR.;8N0<1XG*>1'S/93
M((O#Q?;:U!5!^M`J;33_O;>+TS]SD.2JM+%(9>WG#]SQCG_L5BPHRY>'=]5^
MZH4T3]Y1)Q+YM5NOSI")GR0.3ZDR+%\>WH5Z,?&?-L8KGQM1S=AF1$SNN'JT=UJ@?M]8@GY7M
M+5D@A[`&(;1&57/T6U:^N)!VU^8+CU0IS>X"< '+&R_
M7FVSER0P3Z&EZR.D0"&M#8PSH@$W.VFVVKR-8S^])6O2-)ZK-@OK-XDM]D+W
M5$J3`3U`.Y22AHY/?@+%M)U0W9$9`X'6&;E.XLTT/H(F>>MY3AO,!>JG+=#6
M2QZ"R+'B.8IH*OUP+`/,UEL E[=8"J#X?(QZ!V_JZ
MZWLHHBXDSY-5:VT3O,`;?K'N_G6U=^CYTLM,2(AZD/Z0'9NN)JJIQV,S^E5'
M?]K^KA2BW(-E2\CS0)HZWY,D>FKE&12,PH.P#!4#7&/NN4\\9:/YP"=.9
M'0 ]7729(K'["QUX9"%:=9BV23UT1.726^-A^=J`@D\?T&
M17>:(YST=!J,IJ/4]A6!XAP,6+UJ`^R"R,QRC.>$=&&AQ5%ZBC=Q@EF[.^\%
MI^^"*$Z";%^*MXS\-A5V"_8.9X\Q^ A[A>V(TQT<2OV7S9]L<82 K6A
MK!I/X"S`U%`2J^]%S&04U> AJ$FV`?,[[`G
M*D6L9%'#H15S.V6 )9`HKS/"'TKND +!1D$GS+;U[6C^3?
MN,CU=EH^]M_$29G^;0:O\50UW7DXIC0KYO7%N!P8UEV@\)"SU:I2>K*9PU%@
M!'&SZDE+W.7G_TL26)A5+S*T`G17MST#([]R$)]"MS'_"DPW^[4;[/I
M'8K;X! ;X]9JZ(W;PLE(BCKS\
M(]MJRDI:\]ESQE'%H!>1Y_@^8PFU4[(J%*FU,3G2$^,YI\G.MG$>92?3["2*
MO,=\):G^\$!5/'%"8UK'K7K>MBXI@!$4QM'#$?G#%OF$C5L4:D*@O=5HS)%5
M5YV.9+S5`_JCFL`"521036.!&)5_"_T=#SA%PT4]M3N6(3F;0\@+O%.YP2E.
MGG#*;DN)[9Q@+\7GF/UWBB7'2`Z[[D`3$46W%NSZG6QWWGH->DP1,0QQ\$2/
M8EY)WREZAR"CB63C:=/U.7KD"RF2%EQ&3W%(IM5+]N=U@J#5YGT IZ38^!%F$[@76"5;@F&;18)!U[II
M@/N<4("KPNLD!L>*?[K_D,*YIU[)UEGP1($_T96>*GU2EPB&GD;*_XZ`%?1` A!O3[,XW,7+]:\Y,?5:>3O)(6?2
M!+T:W-VD!U&63X#5:R+4(UEI:"%.\A=_@>[S(/1ITFL^@#'KRC=PYV3A*N)5 -=#F?(GD:E&X%':'
M[WR?ZXC$#S%IJN2RH8[SYJW^9Z^.XT-S6?,]QZXX?L`%!H$I.8W`#>04'[>0
MUWC!!^IG4Y$PH@^\:`QW8.W/V=63#KG>VH\Z)$,=`IYR4B[BI(G1J]B+X(+W
M"IR$TQCG2HR=^CRDHDFLEOLX2>)GF@:KU-J7`#K"B^6"2[`?S,/=H:1VGJ>C
M?VX&^N-6FXL@(LLDF$%%9=ERX83B@%-BLI>UB\5.43;A5>E]5MLS\RC:IJEH
M#@J5)F/(ZB@PT&NN+@YX/.[S.>!QI-.YQ?BB..U]B38EH=G?9TC@H'#:$TV8
M<78!PH-\#?`? 2&LU_9B`+7XVT\CK2.>0MP)`-CY2FJB\E82`]TY&;*F
MG@?I.HS3/,%W^"4[)8T_3?F66,;.;N2I1!+A(Y>R!X(NB/81%'EW\\"B5Y7M
M1Q;R"3!=\98L^A;R0L5AL"8+Z)2`DG"SZ=\2BR%^,%%T0&6/N>0U[5=@*SN&
M?.0&KW5H9"COD7L1R]4(.B@"9,XAR4+(AYD@['@(?2M/.X9*J9D,H1$G5]?N
M+%.W,,JN\3D6+JKHXZ&S.ZRZU4'D5_$=I3?5FX4IEDLEOA8CZW7D$B:)*1ND
MZ`@1[?B81K(D.`2N:.<=W*C.)%!0K'!YB*!@8D8%(]QY1:3#1$=I. >8%_7KSH+:H&5@6G]*N99E)]_[%88"0`U=YGL9%=+D23WC#U\_4=FA?KT3R`T]*
M]F/:3+A7SW`E%2A:;9_NW`V.ASYX YGBPO4BQ=4-
MKTIS Q@I`FPO]]"K1_UKINE!7;UAM2N>"H"">8)N04[#GB)?*(4ZC7];B
MB#>HZB6X,;2_Z"MIIUKC^V=@D*59$+PF!T"(7*NY$ DC]M_&L3\M3MJ(B,7I_IWW2YS0HEA3%4_4
M8>_`8:$JFQDT[_>(DBD*IG7J+CKS0N@BXL"GH#5KAAX">`G3>B3"*W\E6/I$
M?:W6CI5)(GO]4SV?I>U=U[52T46UG,E&:WSVDN#M;1)/8V/W\K1K1?6)8_"8
M;&8+3TN3BJM-/7138URV_:[7^3:GL0=35Y(QD,)%6@!], .,X,F3U`4,2J
M;(;,;E[?I%FP/:2GY4&74[#G09?*(2IJ7?9!S4YS.0LHZ:;:-?O';_I4XB8.
MPTV'N)O]JL\J3*"7\1)Y!8++W!69[0!^&GG@_?I=Y5_1#Z]O`U0$J1W[.F
M"! WTK >MYF79+*]6DD\`;B+OR(O0Z?X(8B@."V@_"?L)3,ND7&@;/6:
M&,W9&-L=QM3U)I*^\F,I!3GW(?64*>$>3=@:WS3>8@P/\CVH$(=PK+YFJJNU#GV
M\S7\=1)?B3)O%X=65>&$1]6R@7.OK:Z*U2%Y,`MFQU%:RI<0/0_"/*N+VE_C
MY)8@'FL=*U1IV3M"*$HDM*A(;[K4%?U120`1"HB2X!]=K9\+--58G0%T)FB`
MO=\J+3W%8M9F8'NK;7&79&,*:"/T!505_Q+=8W+ZPE5=UY1?V-75NL55F;!<
M^,!]\!!W%);G`0%?U:6C%,!B=;63_PJ&
M:GS4;%.L=D-:3#:%L@[%GZNRUI?1DOR;+-S3PTE+&OME0DQ%[ >S[7*5W+OQ
M=N?#]H*B)A;/P]IJA,#DQGP=_>MIZ=C80OH1!P^/])"PM$HIB")*GM+HA.I>LT@*J::>
M"BP*XS=.?LLE_>9E'>8^]J$V`[Q U/*:[5]+O3C4/[
M >^P$7"0-%8T?L&7YWA6!6;L9&%5F4E!A#SDGT!NTJ
M@R0%7X?CH_&H\!GQDVG,Y;!*9312&4RG_5WB1:G'[H>G3-?>R]/N-4J?.,*4
MPRQ=(>V'FAUG$)NLJ]YV83.%^3!Z\'H51'BU.:.UMK3L9FY'F]8R3P`!+J`I
M6FT0:SR/&	Q%<6L7",IG8PQ/_6!28FK2C"YV2YF`A7"-G+F$8Q$> I21MO1=P0)]B-;P[C;8
M!&3_F$SC"D1M?OM+7J!&AE-/$9A,=E#E4AL_+5Y]"[S'>>N<8,DL7I3[B[183O6@X@!7(6'8`]TLD`$?9$=4]
M:268HF_7`VS=8%'7666^*,[&D)#$B2LY=ZHW6PQ'[*_5#$U0T<3U3M-7FYE7
MC]DDXW&&"R(RDZ8RRI`I)0WUI44D5`=@8KTV!0
M-!(F#YG60?4>6_MKDP&MAN5?`]\H\QXF6>8TN-L_P*D))JP#U,#JS&PM%2V+
M;;#>R1C[HJ T'R[?,C?^
M$A8WC @
MX4RBH8137L>S
M'ED4AVYX,[!\>$AH6>!W7E;$WZPV_7>0(@-'F9JU5-S*(HDLH;(_J@F`=XY>
M2-Z5%Y+SB''05F9M.FG-DOG^UB19L[K!.V^_Q<4SOB""`/;P,GJ/7[*[9QP^
MX7=QE#U. G\T'*'P3>:EHLF;P><8(]:/AYG>QD0#%&O'#>C..LF^RGQK'#\Y@`7/-9-?N@,>A01#-,
M/ CI;7)KDTHM>KC4Z_]W9Q^F?$^A:1`FX3).BI
MMHDJA (-*TX?2MZ[V7PGM$ML1-^HYLF$26PQ4'
M"2M.#EH^26-1N!595#YXI807+%O,$:6-2N)S*&L_+KI:%U+#)]PHWN8VWVZ]
M9+_:+-=9\$0^P=6&V#D@@1?M4_J%KG:25]N"^RH#LC:?W.J+)UJ:&2'` ,2JHL04[+7*9%E3=/\D R3!*B%`R?Q.F^
M;E)\)4M:4H@)L T#-D F+;]Z!.,050NGK5TG81\
M0FR-^:&)YG7"CRK5%VEV.^;88[#X(,/5&)4_UUE^K1.!5NM3GD(AQN'BE4?F
M#K]DIZ3QI]M\MPNIH'8 J.X^3\>>@M+Y_KN^"3*.
M)\/DHYC40WW`P6[\5XNW*%<5;327"P^^0EK79MU!&3^:N\AAV7L71,$VWU+"
MI1/X!O^:!PGVR>*XVI%%$#*4+R/_S-L%F1?*8"-PWH[$RJ9#=QR111LX)8X*
MZHCVJ:\E2@:T8GO%@M9I+)@@,6Y=>'W'15+E"1Y1!:9+9(MB2YY2E/, $$[N')VU$#-=-YLRSO=9@K'.34#:G@\+RR@$
MC[M&:BV#D\LB72EG^P3!5.4&0&U/AKE?6)5=\.1\/:UEF#5*2REG^]S`5.4F
M*&U-QI0HO28Z)__]Z(4Y7FW>X^S@[VYPVRO5Z.E](,/%,!3WR2S+K8&VA;^A
MC+]'27&.GCOD5?&C]Q$HS>6`\)?+:!UO\9WW8J>LA(R=7=^^1!)A+E+H@4B7
MWC(33B"JH,HF]OHFP"BPMB)Z@T'B(`S899>.([:/AK57B5)D&\XU90+WZ]9L7N#+%ISC"FR!;9A?8QXD70H[5G%#=U_V];)*8@7$%
M=+3(C2&['.\9P;N7T1CP#Z]N7Z$-(X72DA9*(.L1E%D^C\.06'3NZRQ/@CWN
M&CO:_)NZO022O(\C'_OY.@ON0UQ(8_$CXK*W',31Q-1?Q5X]X2+=E5R
M55I6@DUT)!+6OBKJQX)5R_K3J_X&A7FD+-148F7CZDS/@--VATT5&7`5I^F9
MER3[39Q`Z-]$Y=;4V=M/RZHLFRAU-,Y07$6BD!-MBM;-;L[7/`/MM[.WZLV0
M^3; @N)WQ49_@U.&'X3I;K=9)[84K_BYN?C14,F\IFNQ+..&*+TLJR
MA@@S4JGS%,7C`DCZ&0R92?.LV@="?"P-KF5I;UD!/X?MF`&(WS%@1S27KR^[
M%5"03`#=CUU3U6D\BX9JI;`43,"`BJR'RS_DB;=C)E!.#D*D^)+,-[^_7$?R
MS;P:V6AKTMN$V`56`,(X30"0OLM(OB32"T:_/,M0CR7M-#/0M/0F!4T]6J/;
MF@:]QL9XCGYI5T3&R4%7((SPC%LW<9F>1%TIO-.K;,SC'%P;'*X3
MO/."TNJ:>JF1,':[-8D%$_F+6:L96NO]RA6L1SUS,,*>UN!@P_+IL)L-QCX?
M&TBDLGX,C61.H64EAWFLDR)=,H#UG"\0_(A0`5
M7B'^ZG:-(R\)XN5+,`FJ^(RL)L;B22#*"U ).24J:N?C%`W0P%ZB
MYECQC*JQLN%4H[2CI+O=6HYB043WCZP#:EX7P 41>=$>WM/@6IB;*;VY7R
MW`PX[9_%VVV0L5R[D7\61W#)B*,U.!6LA(GK"6`YF[F69O>T@"PW9Q,"M\Y5G,?B:00YAPOFR/6
M?C88ZU-=Z[`I&_00V[&(6IL0-0< A)!R&4PO*#FS
M$R=S%#D?>JG8,F74Q!%Y(4B_!;HO>U(#!I=]OW>V=.@IJO9%*,V"L1U-[V"F
MWU=X;*QN+AP!9+=KG07%R8HB44YS/1&-S3@A8S,H/O*;M:S.\298!YK+BC(U
M:X]^E442+3&-)Q&PO'#*F!6$'"\WNHJLEQVM&1I0%[3F8\&XD7"S:>&(Q>@Q
M !'&S^D%D;#.] EY%XGNW
MT0&:*JQC!71FQBA(>^G_DJ?LYN0N+A\^X_ FY+?P\QKPOBLXH?M]#^"MHWT"2%4?
MQ-AJ,/IF6E_E9?2$T[%69!DQ9RNR1"C%%3DH* BZ""*/
M0'P<=,F(.4.71"A%=&U*"O-$EX(*^>CJFQG3V/73/`TBG)+S3[I.@EUQ^WSJ
MI4&ZVA09(>F==%5U9XJSBX$4EL\S^A(*`%L20@U*]*Q#:4'9SR8U]'-=T %I2)GZP%C
M2F+)S`#HO6A4B"JK0_U,22#!2NHHQ[..]MMYG)6G:4"(V/H1^WF(5YN275UK
MSPOKB+1T>K2:BF+9/C`44_BZB5$# 34W
M&2JFQW,9)%OQ_%G9L]^(\BGXOO8@S!!W\P"U34
M@&VR0@6ON9HW8T*2]Y6-IID!GY]$`@[O]X3MW3,.G_"[.,H>)\E3,%`B![E5
MADFL4BC6Q5 "XB80!N*XFASC,VV5P/8B
M3LX2[` &[6^AB0:KV;&SK-(SA\WGA)!"^QKG%R^^@E&&Y/U\O(/P_"/(-,
M,?:]HZ1JJ[`J)IG-G6N0K(#2">U@!#Q=(O0)?"G1L!FPJR"-*>U[W;`//
M/;XTE%6G0E>+^IR20*.<>[;M`.>V-
M_+(['T;V 010:O6D;VKP7%8C
M#655&%*="*/5B";K;NV?%8>QS*Z!+"RN7\,DE:9#OV\;95\P5'ZI:9W9!^PX
M^*BP/,(,#SM6_(B#AT?R'2V? M58^TV641;XX",)GO`M7NH-#*$8)6\W^+O&BU&.UO^NPXTF_01WVME]K:,@F^&X*"HB20$T:
MK>R^\_&=&Z"AB6W=&3.M_1!$$"Q/+Z8$Z!1F2./UM)@-CF/DLPFBU*6\D
M18\D7:0ZD\Q^(ZV9:*A#"FG?9Y;6)1$K^W7 9[TKBYMB4U+-M>M,
MB4B#A
M8UEC#H<4\JNS#4+ZY&S_/LZPI2U;G;G=@G^*4JEGH&1D$-!1.$8X`J\N$MHU
M!'7F;$@=YHHD,54;Q4F*X#QYK]]";#4)&L&ZC#Y!5?HY>PAN?A
MS2HYY9F:4EXP9]+1/1!')?4YG:A'@EC+0AYARL>PI&L>32GHQ[NB.6_2(I'3
MWJ8U8RR5FP>[IN(J6#O-3Z-)?,&RJ*."_@*5'.9KOP^%&M\F&C3W0][[`M_6
M_@:9W^WN,]HR6#?_-044?1`-,FW[B9834-X]G.#?$" 3FG/F5X3*&NY59M`:4[&,$S8N_%W011L\^T-
MS:)3XOPB3JJL4DP@J]E#!@CFR%$X0&25C`DL(T)!'C'Z]4H,+[+J7&?%QS%;
M(V4$V`D2D0S4P1!7) ]6%K+I?QL+^,R803H9EV@&GO_VNT"KBKZ;**P
M=PK&6+#?;#88+&U<@2YJ
M$Y[O8FP.*,?KPZO85VC!2*"UI(;(]8[>K_HAH:GX>8\WMV*ZWWJP8(PE^
MS$&%ZM*Y`-`4'%#%XK#3`B(FU\32 &+=""N
MEE>N+#:=UZ9"BE]^;[T(,J3Z`:&<8`+%=/[+I0P2N@`7SM8`)[,*W[-'H@C2
MX!R3>4\@C$+X\9S&43\B#Z*'PQ<31)&DA-;@[2`&I+IT`ZW-J#NMVN1:,-,VHZQ^J^NR0%V9S/.]E6D9^HY*S36CE2Y&V-MJDAB1%,+'&07&
MJ,.(8>SW__&GUR>O_^ST*7&O+NIL,-(1&V5=:)`L,C@C]UXE_P0Y6GNA:OD,MHD^-><6!>7&=[:>I^JP][V[:2&
M;,+\,)0"BA-4TT"4B$IDN8MMSP`/S:U.=\X&%+^+M]N`56XFFRBS'Q]P!/7U
M+&%74P*;9Q(]T42^D9H(-=9:9.:*7S-8M*KCZ 9I^K!L(3/;9VV1(*+3=-4>L0XS>X_6I\36>5@Z=F-3]CJ)
M=\18WE^'4'4W\B$<>T?!N[\CW9 8Q6VEL&E())H.2QZ+A#M2Y?%JOO6&J 0[@QIRA74#MV53K34U WGDO$^N_
MQ:C?YY*6OKO#&K@*SQX]'>YW27Q$STAI=.A0+!Q]M!.KLC.$SO)\$V31+[SUH]!A)-]TR2= I597M5DD^`*:+.0-(H8Y$4-T'ZZ71_BJ/UX]9+/DUEG/;RM(NM
M/G&$7N]&-P3]4-5M%D=?5=6V?=H* M!"*/';1%1>,%(LWGLNM)%=9RU`F'.\#?R\'BE.XY&3OG"U*/-XZS%LW&`Z>@
MQIX5Z-#C9H:F/,WB+11U.*`_W3+4Q]+J1:]14KQQ^<<3&?6PC!]PW4S.UH
MLT2]4`J1P4J;2A1N7=FRN:_T+1RAJ4FQ7*_C/,K2N@3W=+:$D)?5^QV1%**2
M[D7S1LGVF9@-?:IK%6&7#=J\]E>8XZL@>M%8*`ZZC*YY^0+1YBZZTRT:N3[!
M2J:XKL#5'=``LT]0 R;`Z#W&NS@*
MR)^"Z.$"8^Z5D6"1X':T;DWPI!`YZJNF"-KRK(F__)^C(_3SC^\^?O//G_^Q
MWN4O/T7??N?_]L>GAY_VT8?S_/GM'Y/O_OBWU[]\N-NGX1^?UK\=AW_-_O3A
M[.K:_^E_PJ^_C?YQOSH[O]R_O?OU\O+CZQ^O\>;U/\[_WQ^.]P]__6GW]F]_
M#[YY^9_L^.L/#S]\>X;QZ8=?_O[AS/_JE]\V^+?K/WWXXW?9ZX^_I*N;RVSY
MS0O^[O[O^_/SZQ^C%?XU^L??]RG^F*47279\?/'79.7=G7](?_./_^?]^CCY
MXQO_#U]?/O_/_NRW;_?+M[_L/]Z___;MUZ__]/)F__+#W[[Y0_IA]0?_'_ /3VY.?DD_W]W_]=+G\D/W5^^8^N+[9
M/V9G%\=?7P6OKZ.7I\=O__[3>[S\K__Z)SJ[O3DZ 67QWT6JS%',*7%>0X.1'U-JY1"$TR(T6+]P^7;,V\79%YX=76FL5;S
M^EFVZC@B"(#QPZO+5V]?H:+U`EV]NGIU]LJQ/=\W_=7Z(QJG@<7'C,?82_S5
MYCQ(\)HT235W:4EW:SFX>@016?C0@3[5+KL(MFTG7I]^M=3FOWSDAIZ^MPG&
MT1F^?1!8!.&@/5'1!59\9>(@4]%(AHV_<0R)"
M62'&"V_-GN9.=9?9Y6+[=J`K@NAV@-75+%MRSH!N+I:$BFK=)?%':1XQ>(.?
MXO")X*U->3K'HIRAW>AQF2A"<>M$G6N=J"[FE
M-$P:67_;)HU$%M$=!NN!H$M1`XUVFL/!1T$SE5'3-_(AB\I'+PG@7@02=$VU
MF'1XV(R>.60NP$K9C.5DF\$S)Y%BFHL&=VQ#$A4DP982F\YF.61A_=5LB[WP
MA2QI52!A)C'G`M6T'[YVQV:66NS,2Q\O([( YK^!9OD5^5-!+M%D[>PW-5TGH/WQV6\1GCFO`.
MTC1.6(5IN)?Y:Q[N3XC4WVEL'`ID+-^O]$LD3K!1="P*C--;.>B+3A8(NCLW
M*S0U5VTWBG-B>C6S]+T@H>[;_67DYVE&[-MPF6>/<4+.P[=Q&/@_>BG+7OZ$
MDWUQ4@ZJ%RRG<>3K7.:,RM#N]T.0C9\+\3+Y!- U4.>$7QC3
MAZ@W>)-'D!O%\`L:C9GU(\)(@HL.%?!Y0`7QB@$J.30_I08/5#'I^VP `.0)]MN[VV6:YM@_QVO*X/4QP?ZQWML`+9JV\:\IG_A!`5!!
MAS8/(X1*2L3J` L0:&^FZ^1]">NT%7S["IX&0'\4YPO3'=0UH.'\O'
M<9X,PK>S=5/^M8^K=[-B=;4?S`J&:N:VN\4)L266=^1\#WC46JMX/>W:LUP9
MA*L.M$5+!*W9@C.7A46B@L;R(1JJH<7'")[>XBB($V/]\_O;WY>$LLC1VEW\6
M#IA>K=0/7J7#-HI\9B1?#X($K[ S=KY5#3(@&;IH"H8NTY8;\]_4W
M[^(H>]3Q%BF2FB+B57L1X0BFN:)0"NCU-XC1F(4YHJ=,V6HCFA_CJ\0[[X4%
MP)UY2;+?Q,FSE_A3'77%S"R?=X6"",`&Y?6*@-EFC[D$7_ L@I6+Z%E`HCNK>A?5#="8J*(N@VARL8%?W4
M=RJ]PQ\0[U:5)ZTN::9:;02Y$HC*,!9M#P$SBX`8J !&/>-159DH7OH2;
M3>R(Q=!8;Q9S @M3IZ"-;Z\N9UN*>IC:1=8
M4EF$Z&*]JIOUHA_Z@O3\TOWE@:9RVTCKGY`AI=LR>%P0^5>D5?C7/`E2/Z!I
M&*:#6Q]+J]F@Y;*(;B2@%ZM^#OU0LZ-K+X"F8ENYHA4FPS3T[\P+`W(`C`+O
M+`[CQ/-CPN@.OWA:P4A]1.R_0Y`+)'R14'9;H+(CA1/MZAI!6OIJO%10F(HA
M01)LRZ48A6`A`.F4:=QD[%R KY440>=$ZB!Z6#PG&
MHB(^HMQ!DOZVMR:)+*)W+JLEJKJ@JL\,?(H*>JF3!_6,>\@6=%#U=LJ7 7@4;/`4V5=A:SXS2*Y+XN3/MN4"T;[MHYP*Q_@@(N+T%U-!U
M.ZV*VL08ASV=XUV"UP%U64QRD=RD;_&4R>,ONCUN-''M>^*IHW5'?#@ M?K[.?O22A"Q-^^5ZG>1>.-%^Q>-DUU')%T*\*4%C5+9&17.GQT:YP@XV'=%8
M39>;:X('G"38O\WB]:?SX"GP<>1#%IAKR"<89=[#1+:.`E^;[@<5@82H*KHB
MVG>!RMXT_+ !%!<1E9+`O,DD&0W7"!HC8KFB+5W
MNA5*E=4"C'"H`Y:@I?]$CG1!"MZNEQV.TDEV/@X7V\M-5P1AJJ>J(2I:.B[S
M*%11J\`C?WQ#DOBGF$CY2`[ZC<0S$X)$SM!R$G^)*,(D_JP/]?HTDQD=@LA-
M`G\%9;83^/?-P)#SFJC:(%W2TM6F\;MID*;.WO8ZI2&;;F7*1;'=I9"-J_'[
M659&DV%!I7"E:+[,%\2RA&[QIKC!.,#I64[."M0K^IX,F?UCDIU46P@GM965
MQ>LKNEP0@@N>&M6$UCPJ+VM#@5>266^NABR[W2+0;:93`E;(TZ[KK$\IFN^(4 !&>=Y.G@3"N(#N/UL[)VB+A+2\KA
M!$%35+05K0`.`K@D\U]%:(E&.\#=!=4>+J,T2W(XSC;+A=`W$W[M@X7?W9`9
MQ>^"",`W33R"L32VCZ7FH@H#'>XS5%- :ZJH)$L3':<5N._WJ"2-*MK\2`'G
MZ#:&B@#I9C,]ZN+\'F>KQ,=)N+\*?LT#GT8XK#;CP-Z$BR7C81QI#59R0AP5
MU%/+@-*@8SB)09%S-]*[WFC(_AY9S:BVG95]YDW5L&\L!/)?(TN'9)];F<
M#K%@WU$H=`0*IGH^E=U5YO;8_'4(SS-X@[<>.01'#\YN%"02V(R#TQ--]U*A
MHJ1^K>`:C.H(Z?,^]TRCZ?/E:R_P65[RIJ]'R2(2=+6S.T@D$,6*D\95&OF6
MF\^M(2[70%WI4SS6(9?Q;;,%S/7I'6R4BUO7,8B@:N)"6]?&@UA-8D]8- 5F]%!=)H0H6Z'$8SST#Q'15)\;-P:`'OHA;8^RG%T0TV-32
M*)ZRSLC)
M)4[*W!AI\^$W-QI 5?CG#,3W2W."=
MMP=$D-4'=K;W.:3-`9];FGEA2/^B&&6C0,C:,J$BC3`,I^P*^PJU65AOYINM
M^SM=''3TUHC.49R5L8S@:[+RQ'ZPOF9LI[>$#QDZ-(1%&UB Z$#Q#
MJ5:_SF)TCQ%0=AS%/!1!RECOF]R!$9'$Q'O"20KW8TGP$$1>"+]E)]')PK[D
M3%TXJ:02R4!<=UR@LBO=[!=S>&"NK.%#./;/QX`DK[2P,Q1UGB;E88.\U82N
M-5]AB6Y:F9LV<5WWHJN#5N;!@[$,6&3@J)CMW^'L,?;A`C[-8`E;/41)D>725!5.^\R/=H
MQ`C;>5>;-R]KG*8T'T<8/X\7Q:?!R9Z[8Q1YU4S`PWB^BGYE^I%3,V/!Z@L#
MD\\AKD\?0BK1?9K3;^73.",]O"`JW=%3?AMB5N[B_4Q%'O'[*'B@ZFZ#\WW,
M^]OHQ9#9QR&?_'&2"=Y@'V]I@?#K)%A#;/GMHY=8R"8H8FP[,:6"3*H9!>ON
MB/:GI9LIA6;($=J1WZ;P6]=OFK60($XU*)LUHZ>NQ2LQ=FY;;2BU]#WY!+!_
M%]]@^"9N<1+@],V!(,'#HZ*_?B`+BX%+PR050+`RD>[I+@X0$G11J`(G$TO;'T@RP_W%Z%=XIZ
M-"TN2IJB">\:J_V2DD$%G2I31$$)-4C-(DY_B,H;UY'Z BOVS
M>`MWYZS0(F2I?J"%U$[W=9/"!ET^>XE?WI.R);$HBCU1LOOQA;3J3!U;>I%+
M%IH=W0,5U.2$&JS@36&S77G@HOP6C4O]8N>OF=)/C/W6<7C\9)!M>8TG4=J0
MLMU>B`E5,"[J(]]J4SD03_$F3O#$&2?UA;!>C$E+/$E9)OH1L!-'7]HU@ `FI-P/OE2WG^'D>.[L4]-IT?1!?>,H_"$*
MLH:7\B-.LT,K4>A&[R5C\_ZH3QBA\[OE(:%=FUL*Z^STT**NKX;+6FDZAA@\
M0/DR37/LG^=)$#VP8**/7IACOG4VR7JO+X7M=5Q;0M'Z3/')*"%&JHAE6R!*
M;8%$2_B"YFX@R_%%G&PP/9FF,WI0:PZEUE)K-M'F#\4QH;>,_!OXJL()*Q;P
M&5E]]LV30`#3U0Y#L1D"3MJ+%DV=27D"J<9:[[.%XQT4`LF6Y#OO99FF.$NK
MF;J*X38]2?;$=H>]/[W-[W_!Z^PN)JR#9,)"E8,DLGOI-TS8OLV?4$6,[`(U
M$!S3$)`&:;+&,N)PVU*3=_V(;QQLM2,S!T^WZ5WWARC!Z_@A`K[DLP&A%J/V$OF0(M
M3?(VM]\&7_&F&U$D0!O7BQ%'"TW5'X[&.+-)<4*&HW%`HS67491[(;L,+O^J
M=I15I67O/*LHD2C*I73$U-T7B!$HPP Q[
M.%KOWZ19L/4RO-I Z9KO*6S**F]S.C9@?R2.F8LP%3`V.G2R9=)$:"S**VNI5T)_B0S
M8;I&DJ-K$(&G+\J2X#ZG,:YD0M]L=V&\AV"=;/T(Z?6:?V?.\=6&_G$B7\M`
MH:S7)A@HL-CE`G11LR,"RL0B*&BCDGBK475]""LS;>%\(1X-:0>>EQ$FWMBM
M; V\7IW]&;Q/83JZ]O?.L!D-Q-LY',SAYC)3Q
M>9"N$PR_]9)]L]&4>18'263=JS]`V`$?3HMRNV7A()E#S/*X*-/X8%0FWNB9
M4!E_^8[0?`SW1HF\504][ES%6+E_M
M:"BM H.S/(DFN3[JX6C9ER27
M1@=YM!\J.O8!+KLCZ*^V)+IY[J"#@/;3!>6I,E\9@>)J0P%O`902;C9O
M+,5B"#/`IRS?`W29+];ZE=G$5\\LF(8%T3+612J>(D.5'%J"@X`*'9L.!@5Y
MA`\'BI[T05:9T*QW][1_7-!0775N4)T6\\1+\8[PV8-S+&N6(["P7"GSME__
M1$DN<3D4VGU!?;)9NXS%?% "'IJRW`"$>&^O%#]2`P[)LSQ0S$G4=YMH>&RGDT%K4
MM[=AODNXV33?Q6((/1E5AYG[SOJTV?9;2*=A2!YO+X%"J&F9E-`"M/I86LW9
M+9=%E*F[Z%7GKYRO*:6HX%9^;H5)&0"Y=]XO<7*6IUF\Q4F!9PNP4V%KV;A7
M$$F4GQ)ZHJJKXE+G`G\:VFYB4'5JC`UX.,&2TP'\!TX(3UX(U^0V'&-*C.V&
M!BG))+PF3Q_IN9+^T.@^Z_U72_TM5YKR5)FZ02Z\(*&1V:O-11!YT3KPPCHE
M=L%J"F2J,;:+3"69!,B$OBQ=!\W'479OI%^?-T:U@-#$J/JD&;\;3PGM\LW5
M-,_%VQRL'E;;O$4OPU,*JZK9C/=@OK9:;\2[(QYR5EWZ3SC)@K2XQ[*QK?:Q
MM'FJZ)%%`*A&+WK1J88H%WA25&\38"I3,N!,<8-33`8`._,Y?L)AW"QC/-V.
MJOQ'KTA"UPGK28VY1M\RG]"L]TH-`+0=*VJS97S,>(^?E^LUQ-9!EJPD
MCLB/:]S8ABTLC=HRV(X4T150%-V-GU%-![4)S1J]IBAI0MEH$@=$DX1>FA;I
M< V^+IP.1K@B6/2!ZTHE\(93*$26#:CI5(K["H4R7,"#6A:8K
M)X@9/EKN$(,9-'6,W*X?L9^'S/,BXGH'-WE3(%F#NUT0JPLF"JPK"!2>/`F6
MT@[UY
MA'F&_ G71._3QS1K5>C&ZK[+<2G
M4#=77HH*;MUYJ T6SQJXV"T33V8704":T_
M7QU5?(5CK>!+0"4C!(A$#58T_*#?R'+TQ4P#4/XI>30-C;T#*(LPZ7E[--GF
ML*/HBZVW\^A_;SR[:SY[E#D$^_ %)(WDXU
MPALE1I2KQU,R]1V^H!(.?.B#NYKP9,8/CXU#Y*C:(%=Q]'"4X62+#J#$ %U
ML`FP/]W>)69FNR"G2!#A4L3:+U"CQWR6E\G)U*LAYD7\5>/=!2,TTO7L18P96(D464;LL/RZEA
M2+VR#0[.]\G1@-)RM@Z::[/LQ69:B;'1#T`]5'6>S7JFJMYV/4F$^3+W$M,S>.PPE
M$::`5I.\U51(-5_1`SY:2W$VIV6.'EI/[P[&,\!$ZL!I6M-(QL[QNM)K"7&6
ME%E9/PJJE"XD76MGPMBY">)-*T_*S*+>1HX7_7P"00=&>@X)+=#CI._XT"1K
MV[VG)]Z(V!2X,F8,4KGWPF`BC6TO''H9]J\] )%J;>&G=L.5+H,K=[(2T510D^C%P])KG$D
M5*@(4OQ9&/3FX6L!?3.338V:56M-22399O@UV0R%L)J=C::ES]:NISY1`RRS
M/B;Z1IDZ1=OVF+)DXZ!O5E:8MIZUH#B.[7668#_(+KPUW$!-:'UQ^5AVR_-D
M$'D\:%-4MIV/IT.BKI:+0S148X?\1R\)8/&[(9B.2S,"1-!(^ROI$MIV)KFU(3QQPX/`MZ-N"16\S],V)L_
MT]X3"CA9WLFX0HCVK];S#U%@E),]2ZJUUDXE'K"Y5WM7U$I?/B28YM0\`R\Z
M3G9PHIOV(9HZI,RI!M\-LFRHT,)C$%
MNP:34`[9OO 0/!"1%JE[)JN(&&1)=M/`@&O)8*-!?
M0D3]+2?/$XBACP?>8C$'3,C7"=GP!UV\_HD1OJ3Q>,$3AGN_90L0Z97
M(!EX_E2#IR)`7Z'(KEH=`4E9ARU(J4W/9.#27XG4J%F]U5<2:3C,YK-F:6E4
M&6Z>VZ[I)A
M#TD50D@RY^69ER3[39P\>XD_K:.HCZ5-]U"/+`)4`9P*-W:SW\S2&"FJM@DS
ME>D8\/ZEB^)ID2;E9_N27R:,QNHE!MD\UC`YP'HG84",&^_Q^_",(BY\C4(Y
M3',CS")$LE ] ;B%:#P0ZYFCM!N^()%1)V2-&
M'FV,-G%"_WG/Z*$R`A#M@.(KMXH3#[*CK+[YF&!3[]71F;!%Z;-Q)-O7G8X2K&"IM8%+10"L47][VU)=T%3=N*2]"N79P'E
MD7>UJ#=G+CZY=O;[LY@LV1ZQ*W&R3=\1%X$[
M>>]!J/.*1/D)HAUFR^>:7?MY9=PTO&@Y.3[^?^"_NX(^*\BSC=,,17%T%"=^
M$'F$UII,`_FJ/ ^^2//[7S#!71:C-1L;PB\`!OHX'?[EK1_)8D*XD?Y>BGYX=?GJ[2L4DR$D
MSP$(`0-(OW2ZL(RCPPYZQX2&_?U>2_HW1.EI>N:ECQ=A_#PVKK]EL(8_0]$D
M+]K_WB.8_7.*?O]K'F=_9MP1L$?`G_WVE;O3Q2AS-PQ/ [-JDK8]SA;)3Y.POU50(P1OZB>-]9J$1%[
M*&;T45@S@#\UU@\),&:##/6)4L6)[M2[L%A8@8G;+%Y_^A`%6 H23;V$9!$.:@;-0RO=OUF-'3^GV_:&T'9H_)M.1T?I
MP^;5Q:Y]&?TMB/S")Y,JZI=H]U,`SBK6S:'FVN)W],$;G9,/[HJ8:@E9M&^@
MA>(LAT4?1%._$XOW,2"_\9TNA*UQ=*:;,TH'1Y"K1AZG._R2G89D\Q3-^1V9
M:$*,?(.P0JW#.`4S$6X\@HC\[Y99D]Y]G),3Z&.<9.Q9-;AJP^J1-?6[>4D"
MY1ZHUWV!GA^#]2.A08M'I\5-2@HKWWV[#NP5N\W9*-/_!"\COPNX!#C_S^/HY\P&2L!_+%O%S=)32
M&MXACGPX-#?EI./PHCWS[E5.Z9SPJ=TY9'U.,!$%;8B\J5OX\53;A:$8`"Z6
MV'=!%&SS+;MI6FUHL?#T/<8^,0[B&[@JC&YQ`J7&KY.FO7<3/#QFJDOREC$I
MK^P(D@ABT\QC.J3T!%97C""E6%3V`'(&!JQ?AOU/H ^:/J
MZ$4V>.N?47G[?T:VU""#ILLH(AL>6PS*OZKZ'8KEMHR(\-G]G5>'2*PK-G`@
M\N#_@1NZ]]+`[5ZJ.!%=;>I,H!-C^X8LY-L=*Y=$%NP[LG\]X.2=]P*+?K$J
MT#,!L0]R\:$63,,MZU0MD+CN5IAXSW$>DCV4\2"&4LF:[9HNEU#-:>@HVF@:
MK7_/-[C AA(2B[4=S$#)[+*L#D:59TK%W;R
M#;W7P\D5F=P;HI;D2?IIUI9NPAK#%EG>#A(UMG7D0$&=T7#T(1BQDV6S>H]$
MSD[%)71**RCME4[1::/ZE%=7G]I1"HA.5Q+!;^!32ZO'7'#FA2B`#;!S^TTI
M3$!'A !T3\.V+7-?D
MN`,7BE&.3\&K4)>MY"FV<9QF0A34Z]Z%//NA/&\!`X0=!T%JO&H>1=S?#'9MU0YLJA\@6R?G3&'=I3
MAA-]8B_)68,_,0:8QQ[KP'FU064W#K3=@OMP1++9YX_>)>!Y$O5`OPE[6GN@
M(.#61!U1(S:_#'I4@ZV''!%^P_XU3G["7M+S;;#S7=T+D6X(^LUBW9J">\H]H>;XBQE742=VWV">KI870>1%:W)P
MKA+NR[\;T@55?5#5:0X?C60T'4WTCMSZ?M(CD8(I5>XE2[(4!VL/;2HU5;?M
M;C^6$15D<7LY#7-\%40O/=\%:065A%ZXMI6#N6Y)W9U>SJ"LNE/ H7.O##8
MQ$D4>&=Q&">>'R\C_PZ_>#U?2-T/E1T1Z8EH5][J[^!=O'QD';6H387]%_(*
M8O5\.#6)1:TMK](6/`GP"C=FT/R*_C5T9M%*@NNI9OQ-WS>4/J*R>5$SV/T!
M@C\&SLR+A^K@&Q$)H["ET*M14 9/O5YG:7D..)[X5XF7R"HO1I
M?3MRCI]P&-.E`M2--5QP[
MY14]4-FE2+`]#]>%>#A=A?6,W$G.+:E,*KMRH9RV[]MQ,/9H2CD\Y*DG1#PK
M7#]MMM+$AP==[$5)M1F+2OB6OJQ9;-' VR\;ANQ_(H
MT=#`N'8?0J!M1-_FM3*[?`;S/HVC5HADFOVA2/!U%J=9S\Y"*\*6[1'M,(]H
M`\$X.A,N':^KE#=\>13VDE;.-K2&_J[35`Q6PXG-5.UO$XPC&OF6[&_P>K\F
M+1[DGP#M@HH^J.HT!P^'9#0=#?2.W/IIJ4 /5V?R#X`T145;1!K/X.Z((WQGJH4#='(O*I"F9\DOLFE6
MD__JZM692Y?>@'FW?%-*I&"/LI>0=+L?WZPQ6B*:BGP6%@YO"+S9%HS3_K-E
MD2P*=DU'!6ZMFD%3?V+Q7%K)WGIA&/IS/_O6.W;KGW2*3P)4`Z)%2D0Q*Y
M13]GI5BTY-_%49#%#HZRATXL?936@V1M^?CA`1Z:9E!#RX6X&OE80,2$!2,%O,)M9D)*"QN
M>M1X+@1M/%VC>:V55X&T6@;:3RM+*J*/WI&&ES5WPOKP^^%TH!O?X&,1JS\'VK
M#52@*+7Y<1#8I2Z>PF>68C*)?O6=E3656Z<7Y)6ZI8FYG7H3)U>IU2`QCEA&
M']^,-BO.8%2T,8?-2B"0_E>DO%M]MDIRL%T5?@B6L5WQ*RF];I<1@EZS.-L+
M1R/2@'#@+CQH D@7K8.=!8N.Z,@BM'B+_
M3EH]4=45L;XS.-3W#ZVC&=79 JB VG
MNGBRKV;=T!QUJ,UB]YA05U:O-3]>7)[%R2Z&RV.6C!V_(S]"'K0?O,@G[1_>
M_)H'N_ZJ`802JD@5]0,P*HFADAJJR,W@N],??4>OIA-HW[%@)BGOTVSF7BJS
M;A3O(P[J@"?Q+D[)/Y^#[!'Q$?(%^?67531#5?88:HN7V'DLL8-+^5RZ-IR!
MINT644^J=EX@8QGY;V@RK(;^EO=IEGCKK.PG3;6F1,B:9:`BC2`K6]F5IHEF
MG5$3U#^7_1T[:'0T5Z=54IT7FRF6O"!:19?14QSF9(E*]N=!2E:&`&1:;=['
MT3:.,/Q^F:8X2\]S?!=?!*PD-&\%,J7G."N0H=0=%0^;3DO'USP]>O"\'4WF
M3+`(_X%%[ 8_5>:3!P^5OI#@\P",4*HI(2^*&E]
MZ Y0E^%T3!-M]>%X77R<=\&5T$3QC*B@D+TU?IH2BA!6*D4$$+E<00H08!
M/4"/5L9+G1CCIJ/G?S8F,VA9S>VSWWGP%/@X\E/RN:^(%9PL_5_RE#XS$BKX
MT(E1T:#+)*6"&F2^K-P?EL*Q")A5GJ691[.%BZP6UG"!&DW=
MG&.$DO/F7C`\JU-,#DE!AJ_(-TNV/B+&`SA0V&J]7!-S-Z>'T.4V3K+@-VKI
MBKX;1NF(DD(U+51N50URJ$G/K:+TQ\_3I.DLVCDH5-]ZL4S?Q R9T/FK_C'!PN/V$.4#7>?6IN%\C`2">FKM[ISO
M<0;>`K+\@WWLG^X_I"#TBFP&-&9[N [WZ`L@0TZ)
M7Z**$JI)N5ZBU0?-TZ[NE%G=.Y6.LCV[JH8C8('>XY>,+-\X?,+%XV#G/C3U
M&3!V!ASNV=;T^]$+D&%=1FF>`#IN<9:%M++\940PH[8-EI00S!"J:*&:V`)5Y+A[H2,%
M:HY?H%:C6;1KZMS@7;&`PWU7G?M,I-&Z/406M!+]N56::"`\UA%+;AX^!_V=T])!F+
M(^KU%CIK6 MMZ:J8DC
MB. 3E.#!!>6,3R3-
M&1AP1WDXC?;O]^47^^CG6T"BE_CH"GJ[BY9J2RV^VI_NY;-L+@^C-2XC>FM9
M.QFDD7]$8?AWZ+X.;HE;.((
M^_0=6S+6;BHB;W\C%4@BWT.AT]$GZ(7*;NP1:^)HX5567'O?E`W>ZI8)L7I7
M<9JNHELOQ*M-Z]C ?YDW^"&`*.0H
M@\J=8RV[!U2M?.(B[O(5MFZ+H+'S996OC_9JRAF?Z\^/6@=:GQ_M,;O/CTJE
M]/DU1CS@\_M8QHQ?!"&NCR=#O[]#LI;@(11`_@U6C1%K[>S@TJN7]G?(&Z3-
M4V%EC1-K/=[B*\D.6)],6-O"BG%LFG`&P/OVA.-L3+;F=T <7D9L7#_BX.$10K*?R';T@-^\
MX&0=I/@Z"=;"2S;*X^@>F*"F)*@I"H1U-1L6XB`J#[&4F40+U)`)?(XEIDJY
M4"$8*B5#5#37-K9M57"1Z@0.=CU;X`ZX3N)-(`QZH4T0:^,:%0UQN:ZGP]$<
M6%/*.W[Y_OHB2-=>R#1W07XWPE%+3-J:OT,H0M]3>]:A?*Y+N[B\C^W54FD=
MR`=L>!-1A!PRFG##]R;R(=_K]:92;L6OCR6-9S[.=KNN\+\ROUQ_O6
M1)R^OU$=*4]O>K-D5X.J+\L)TU'?YA-ZG]';_'+T`^)>#F;0\D&N&X@`,:\1
MU+P7G\`%01J-GJ[-7^FPU`(R.O-@-2!IO8YS@I`;O,;!$X2]PMN=GOPC11]4
M=Z*1]ISWI4ZBE21#XFFD?PH,S=$E^?9\:N2&W@AAI6UR=A;I#E^!K5FU0=#(
MH77)G?/2I.R.Q'W,6A=]FHLAYVN )`2OWC5>2/8D"I`_
MCIQ5H@#%9Y&Z4S;+9SG/\:B/ W"K9L9'.Z3O#."_SB-:=:L' T8P3.Q+F@,@MJ[@;U^;1IIG="UKO7.5H1^YP[+Z=W(`KCZUD[Y=,R
M*%,`,5(2+[R,?/SR-SQ:A/$A6>MQ_0D-*/<
MYY`;\G!Z>&@88\('/"XH;@!O\`YX10_DW)>-$6THI6[O5D\F1L]N4,2559T0
MZS6#UUYRG1WL#^*AN[\5;"=I*-PH108X?NTPC6P6U*9O'=#::?)F8M:+YD#-
ME)?/X,S\B->L!C88L'BU(5(>_'V@:Y%Z3(`!-?UI%3BP+0Z;.=]#AD^4F1-2
M;?K'B5P'1^ LU87N;B$`"Q:!U&I'T0\_8KT]5@X ?'+*-G+0>J!4'W5!+$R"-&'S48+,J7S%3,!3%RR;$M3GQB]"=[
M=)GA+6Q01(6$.IF8D+U]9H-PZK:PJ`3!EF<7`W9C[HNE]R).FJE3KV(O@M!E
MMICW5BJ!^J=?M-+.?HDH"68"42*N\P.K#)2G?XT9FL&=CWI>D99A.K?D(H \-,&VT=??Z7::-3K3IX>@&
M1GO=D7;C&8^4FJU,!TVF?48BM'$>Q-6 JTWM%HW\Z@4_W'J<
MQ:FDPF$1%DK.@+4#&7;#.ML!S1U-B3@_$2H.5K(_JLV3;@*:.G."E]%HT+MF
M3'/WJ]QXZ3V=@*(C^S1QF*7E;PZ_40$'NR486[P%'VS5"/U,F_W3J5'.5T@[
MV45G4"8G^PZYJR#"]+0R*0IJ+M9#X#LB]`,"FK(CG/LDQF)%<='1'F6UQ!?#
M('_]5`Z%_(K\"X+NZ;?Y_P%02P,$%`````@`)HAE1HEW%@5>0```J/X#`!4`
M'`!A97)T+3(P,30Q,C,Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``R?2^%0GTOA4=7@+``$$)0X`
M``0Y`0``[7WK19*=D[.U
ME:)(S`@V!YP`Y%B3OWX!/F9(#D'B29#*[('82+5>W/GQV@6+ZKWX,UX#^#JT!IO]-__TA
MCE QQ^%^'%RU='1Z]?%G_X//O+'Q_9+RI__^UU^M?'[]^_?YG^Z_9/"6SZ
M0SKL\ ^@]@Z;V`B,0>\AD!`G\DZ2\O(]^+880$^'K&_0OV7R^*/WO!
M?O7B^-6+U\??/9+@^=\SY)X]^QN.0G`#YL]2UG^,-ROPTW,"EZN0<93^[@
M^4_//2H7.LKQF^-7V1C_Q7[S._Z=RHQ$(0P8^E,O9'.Y?0`@?OZ,#?WIYJ(R
M"_81$]]+]H\ON=^^_+ME[GZ_]C!`\0.(H>^%1(?9^E!6>+]`E`]P&].?EY28
M++_USU_^W93X;Q_H[!^B,`"8G/V1P'AS1P=Y%>'7(CRV?/VR6-ZFH3SQR,-Y
M&'V3Q7#[7 W^'Z4H!BBQ37%QX=`:`D)C&)L]3!:KV]`R$1'5RC5+.PAPC8:*E-1
M9OD#&.7SS25$()K3/2R`0FM[_R-S*YJ-_?8R0@NZ#R]/P;TP0]6/S#+T?68=
M1%DI_MRH$6$#O[N-(__K+%ULUW0/$-:D_0^-\_9#-FEJZZF)I^Z4%'_-'QLV
M=>\O`75&A'DJ_MPX4L='V89XYSV* =?SZS='Q5Z;,POSMOC!JXX_?
MW";W!/R1T'F?K=GDA3G:_]*QN4'(N\S\W:R7Q'D&.M^I%APUW>%.38:OK4I%"WT1[U
M$?/0A9P\>-34TKUBMF(I&:KS)]X*QEYX"F(/ABD70G&;ZMB&K0+R*?4+M`:$
MT:.[R3E$-#"G/T]81@G&Q6H6$XKX*U"#&['LT9<8HJW@ASW?*U4;`I
M%#`&E]0U#*B7044-*8D)(2`61[AS#'.+\XR*Y'>#9"XQCE?$)]@H!1H^IZ"_P$RUF3ML_-
MJ?F>8R#"VOY'%AE2R+1VCF'0_5TL,%C0E7[EQ;F(HCFC?R4I2RBD+C]!PZ9OZIH=BQ&,SX'+BI:$GV.\ .W1O,R
ME=A:DKO&;XURER>R)?FJ?64Z5="8*Y9DL74,*TD#209K7QE/3):C?TG6&K\U
MFZQLS"C+LMDZB'%`V_+*LIR+C&7Z&'B;=Y9E=N]#\XG_O0RT+(_>%U1"#C=7)/
M8E9>544Q9RVM&)I[Y#XM&\J'>\G0?0G"F!2_2?%^<72<5P_]EQ3=E[J3RGU+
MB^Q7O7IU3IFO ]@N>Z(][ZEFM',O_XN4J#;I?
M^`\PW&KV'$=+-<6+([YL(QP`_-/SX^^.]-7E)/0(F 4T:I=T5`^I=5!91;0LSGB5`ZDTF3K,RL
MG08JXQ!C&TQ[*T=1`%L-R8APEXTI4;30&YM0VJ#+Q?-*4SPE/DZCI0>1%:'L
M4QF9*!I@R@7PNBZ`8>^0)7^NKD%*"I1E/&UZY#4*)9?6)=)[?G$9[3HHZKM@
M6&R`&L(Y23";EGT9U0GMV'8@J6;%W)?2'CH&A*5LC3WR,$%I53Y+):Z]D*45
M)O&)A_$&HL5G+TRLA(UBA,M6PIE$.=I 6.FNR/
M(,[G965UMM%SOA$++-16O$I^JE:(84B4I:,H&B'U*M5FTFXW3!%=;Y ^JV'NTCL"+6ROBN+:ZD\*K8J"],[8WT&H.5!X.SQQ5`!%A ^8"$#@;ODPYFRLFG1=X(@DUX&;900S+*QHKZ%!M6+Q3W
MLC0[*+H^#Q!0[FH$T(Z?*4=3- G/X@..;\3PRB7YQHE9F,4/`-L_?&PB
MXSBAVBFU1FAR8;WM_;#C$_(RPP#2^Y@7A"2L.#3/=MB060=%UYMSMP"[(,ME
M^;U^497NTF/7R^WEZ9H).4VNBFDS9S66T3)SRJPM0,MB KOI/5>>2O'4S"'/I1,5C+E+="YRY\7YYC7WH8=8MYA+[!YDMM&SG%X
MWJW:3144C;@YKWG*N>J]2J:5KE/KJR7=]N(8'4.L9H1+O4$L"K6)C-NH7$Z(
MC3"9.0U1%!LAN_O`&ZIC./'"2KFD56D*4Q^5(99!U4165",69*R!8']Z]L)#
M+D77Z1DY&7?!IYXC->$1(T!F>9\1F^NWB 6!P8X
MZR)G[Y*.`;;&J"%&Q.'`N];-'G;D"T \U0Z4;U187;(W&^%*#^S`9
M\6C54DA!D'9A\-*!G:,M3*1X\,B_7!BK.`QEQ#:]V:MC'R]5=1[Y2
MVI-D)TW'.4`UJ78C:?#L]&\OZYW]^NSX5V]L?F@`>&@`>&@`>&@`>&@`>&@`
M>&@`.#`QML%T:`#H7"B'!H!#$<6A`2`O*UX=,HN8_G2;C?@L1FA9<4
M`X.1U)Y?7 0&7GMXAM.9!NGY0?&VG0TE$*0\G(VG5?"B.+ILHE#E,66(3)+X(]1'(=U[X+-63%@$V/I67IOLLRI#?@ZC`A6[LY(F[B:)3&)/<3Z?/0E
MQC+)D XK
MB9`=QV8J!*#Z=5+-';7$71_N41NY480[K7CE4OS!24EHC2][;A&/U$CB%BY2
MN?3>N^GV5F/*LD_42F^L@FSRB(YU:U+ZKU7(WAG=8O! 1O?8`\#"/KU0<50L,(,+H/5:KHF*C\R`?\A,@*^'`.
M06#O=(Y/;#`A0)/Z523!QZMT.#*0MZ/Z/Z2[]4)`;L`:H`18ZG58)S$8U6EU
M O$!(("]D#6C#9800>8LQ7!ML]FD(&7GCJ2@
M.13$T643WP]T5V>M-6:(&>_9O-*DUFJ[9T'*(Y&U*(X*AUGO,UDCL&`!M^:M
M^AGERF--5+)8Z-)22_ L9W1F,^QW:>93'(>?
MTP6;B3,J98,[0].$L,8 A8=5!TO:;E!=T%H KQMS-I5K;ZAXZ@:P5
M7_`EL:A[$M1'H3HR:"I47W#B0"7!4[.Y4]')VH-AVMTX*AU3%PTS8)C$=FHS
MY)D80PBI`*UZ,8>!`+-HO5#4=TT]`GVJLQ8%WT5R!/G:3M1,E'2HFO5?`5P\
ML#LN-,[Q%N!CPNXXSN8IHZ6ZDQXDK M%GJ]+8Z^T^QML1UYVHL`IF,7P-1P +MY,:!B).U%!JG\7FYC GWHQZ7V^`%UPB/>LE')KLSI'F"NJ=/EH0VU@O/C?BH5[KO2TUOO67WZ$\3
M3#F[3L=.FUQ\!-_2?[$4;8L0'H 3&6U>L:K?0.'2W^,H?9
M7&4[M+481I+FT-;BT-9BB&TMMH:#E:IO+T!._!BNLR>V9)Y9%1YL,%K3Z/F(
M8V+B$IEUCS [:-DEOV,O?*+(.'LLN9GD**$$?IL#2GT.0(HPJ
MCQ_8,`M"=)WX;1;63*5!LA#@SBX>[_HW5ZXJ65$!#BEG(9-MR?.@=7@3^13<
MQ]FS5X3BFS^`Q7IVTFDD:0?$)7L$Y]B."1"D[6HGL&X)1+%7V!]X+6$./8!&
MI2.238-DCLVJ&G)72;$K*0D[VLD@+U[38A=;;Z@H\!J0[%"`>LT8>`2.5"[2.0FK5/+PYA625O_,[FW^,$(V=6RM:XYPM0=[2*.M:0,O\*I+M=554]Z5J?[B3"ONF'2
MEO*=HM3'DNH41E.]>$NO64TE%Y^USS%T/M$VV+`3E.*8."S!NO8VN=6:^-3)
MQ:#B][(.8#9C2PGJCI:JK&)7>@U)8*L0#IBVVI0['X`@G6E##&1=%R3(._,&
MM=1!!E^G[QGO^-QVY+P%<1RFMJYAUK;509`+5]N!*:40!5NC];Q^CHGCC?2D
M%1+4Q^S;M8E=N\6UEF^7O;INR+=K&VQ$OETK)D8>6C5@R`E)F&F9S=FAAW6#
M7:7F),4GJ[9 $N(P^Q$X1+ENFQXUL)$1Y"Q"6[;L40-7F:JR?[V7PW0Q1L[_$P
M>\->@;(I_4[2XUOJPJ!J']9JKGR.V] ,VUC9QZZ>,T?RFJA`_5!7:M
M@[`4^DX*6Z(VYJ;`A>L4EH#TRXM,!6QFA10SP,CW@TKO*MEN%5@.-9DKJ1KLZH%4#S2/EW!BW
MBZ]^;^[)F-OO\SZ;!AOQLF'MMI-JI:C;D6]OY)Y6ACAQQ^V$1.3=WAZ5BZJ9
M%=3S$GJ73G"6I@Q8+2-17TP[4.CF&BW96\(IF[G7EY[?I7T-[SW"G,#LO+>?
MI)821QI[DBCA:9FPW;U+DR7W>YP1]:KV%-"4TACWS!\R*W:!?#HJ7(/MHC>5
MI;Y-5JNL`K;G?'4#88VF>WOO,K)ZA'Z7K#0/`UJC`NJPU\Y:"NXQKKWW>163
MLE9FW]M<5S4*RF4RV3BS^24@!/3EA783=;Y"FB587@H"R(WNZ.;X*.OX=N&%:H&%SL0C153WDS`>;X0LTQ^"/A-VO
M8@/WM(1DR#M?43(*4%Y:4AB/\/3S^!7K,`JS5@\>HO%=>K0+4%X^H+PKE8:=
MU(;M9Y^28T#SM UM]PN2U[IU0(AF)M(/,=43'W-*:`@3F,.YK&2KSXGI!RBI*
MY8Z*L@#&N%N^N4WN2>8&G*V9"=*(V^I#63UAX]%2?_^D-J+=I!^7F.N:U"XA
M5O)Y?,A&MA;V:P"GF_0GC6/GT=> Y!R"S6G[K^<5-LP4^_56#F`
M$99CTSMTK8+D%.F*C#,..RN$B(GFC*KM>YJ[P_6P^H1ICT/0\I"J-]O2WUI9
M]R]$_WG3@Z"YM-S>_9<3*Q\PA]VW6)%T#P)L(C,FV37"I-ZE0UMLU-D&LX#I84399YU`TA*P'H3917)$$NU$3[W!AIY8
MK[PO$3Y)2!PM` -DE)VN<>Q&D+EVWG-B_2DDR52]H4G`7L0$9(\%]F'_>TB.2(?JA.]0K;]IY;8
MXW1TVFQ;.`5K$$9I$N3LD14V`'OF5H3LN+PH(2`+.>LDDQ3;C'XK30='B/[H
M@](^T,."EN9A9. RO?`%P]*4,Q>E!_4&V%!?K\8H`
MY9$M*E$\W54VW/H/($C8(SX%K[L[BEZXJ]\C]E5`E95Q[;3*@#LMDM@RO3VB
M.$DP`Z9/M>B@/58]Z(+42*6$MN!I$`YC^RBSJS41NSYTG,ZL>7$0T !F2V>P:A=$IG7YNT^!G7CJ0'O 5TJGA&FE'TYT^L*%+)X`]K4(N5;>G
M<>)-3D4`-'A76D/`5UZQ*W(`_.\Y`J\A?%U]R;W0Y;=Y:-
MYJIRD;O.M"5V:@A#W)'ZG;]+EHE;ER&MZ;[^%I0DZFG@7NO9&@]H(?3S_!
M4KXPS>=<0027R?(F/4(HO1V[/78J(=17GE:#,;>>57=30D/PCV^E53H7ZD /LTC/R80BS)\?Z3$#)\^,Z"R79_U`/>T.-0[4B
MVHPH93=+S[.WO:%W3SF.8;_V6HZ5T>J)).(&(J'^+/3V%G"TNP5\\N"A!2`0
MU2M03D'LP:P.1;YU2]-]XYS2!8>2U`-..N,K.U7U1Y8O4)ZX)+M3#TO;4C==
M)X&*`3'7NM4*`*Q@E7E/VIO2@Z)`P](S]NT$W3C#UD5?P53!S%9E?@ -+S+MH]^]$&(DR>J*&)24*^1BBNJ8\YH%+:-QH/]
M[QP%46=IZMZVCBV\!LJA3,H>)Z#L6/8F_CK=)^LX[`'LJF)IG[O4,M6G^1'8
M2FJ(4G=4!F!=&?AP*]0DM?D5Z@:";C*`Q-=T'[.F!E42K@)TX\*N(6>P?JBO
MM"GR*1#,W25LZAX*MM5T^1%,D7=02:72X4_*PT\:AYU3.="63!+/Z0];;G8U-;B#Y>N4A;Y$]F;4E?D7__R+3I-"#R](VD+N'-I:8
M78:=>6IJ&E2YJ6]7DJ/KX\].7"/$SH"BW=T.Q4S;;JS2/1&IY=P^@D:VK&A5
MYN'\08:"#C74LSF[4(S7MAQ?0=JN=D$AJ34W?NM"TV6EUI;+&^_;%=WG,5WS
M=@50DE%$7914D0RE-#K)U8`RD1'2DYRU8*\T_NBD5([C%)(U<40CQ\N*@/IQ
MZ[JN9BI4GK4,64!Y).3D"0VD7Z_0"8'5$H5.ZAJ-V_A#4[4!Z ^94!^75 =+NY?/26X#1:>A#U
MO/`:67!\!5)1_LJ`-ZZ_IV1R2KMR*4#3.*-IH?4!1W8BYDZ:P]7:/:](4&XY
MEJ9*WTV*>>+[R3))K]Z4^V/T+'@>%ZXK;BWH`A=P]5S97C%/C_%AT>RV,AG%
MM'_C6%)I__81K*R?_:8R'RF$=]]`N`97$8H?^C:B(APY,K%"`A9=1R+`#]9C
M;.#^-^#ANV^1>VTI&'$6/UA6DRW0YBQN7^I!E&*P4AG%PMZ ,=YLGK1`EH]:J);) FGC26_;>'*O&Z":4U=K9UD?5 Y,UG?6;$=\^$<>':T(*7'E+9A^F4D2H'.%?%WN\90$TTG%]
MJB4MA&:T]M:!G"A8T3]=K2LO>WJKH,!6IDSUB\`P;CNK":,M`HCK&_^U.=@K
M=6DFY+:L0W;9\A@$-R$EU"[2A(CQ2#N_(
M]J`,7(!-E\/H60WK-N&)B[D&IHO'W0H^+]`\PDOYVJ*V[Y^BN6[%J^]GV-()
ME-C.]HH)"BI.LV)V4G+<43MMC:)60M=`YR'I-7P**75XKYV4%AG'591N5=)"
M`)IYU$PMOFQZ6*O$M)50LXOF4[3NXH";:3XD5PA,F0+!)Y2V0-PZB"H+76RD
MIRA@00P-/!)F(`&[Y6N9MC> (I^A:ZJ!?*HE61: >/!Q+6>`($ULX!A6D_2061ET"A*'I9QO[J<9M?[U;ME-4\FI1%ZAA"PQ,W
M]V2Y_29:1CC4L3F:#.RM)I,P&>/-D:LKMDJ:VW6945T#E;V:C$PW'!0LU07;
M9'\U.;"CG3 ];BS>;R"AGJJN#60T`>:2&[M?_G4?B/^(=/)Y?7P6__#E^_1?^ZGYV<7FP^W/UQCS>(?OZT^_/,7^.;QW_'1ZT^+G]^>`##]].673R?!RR]_SL&?US]\>O;R8 /WJA\>SS>//_WSS/?DT
M^S[XU_VO7WZ[_'GV^CAX>/AXM/GCA_67S_/;A_6'X]_PU_O[?RS]L^]_>?/J
MR_N+]^$?LY\7OP9O7[_[N'CY] __/33_SP[N;UY\K?C1?+R$U]=,=!5;L\-4`S=7-$2L@_7WS(0OP)XUQ"?HT?N@[J
MVF73/%=75U.WW$Q5D9^.#_EI`_(*AZEZR$_"B'57FWI()C&X_]6@#5'#)#6>
M\5$W,$S@Q;O?)9Y2QM5V#;'1G&;CN_?FX=4O9]:TGX;6E09?U"`M^;YJK`XO#J>/M!N6TC[1,8CJ0:`
MC'3J5#?01:YT@H+;APC'[& "E)UGXR1$*PJFBWO@3 5&8N
M;SL\Q6)]O^C@#R"&/GMJ^G"H=3C4.AQJC>=0:QBV\W!* ":^4<4ET4/P7LK]4$)
MJS.Y+`JIN?.?GNX/+Q8X39)>>7%>HA[-RQF#4@FWI!NP/_)LWIW[XKD'PJ.I
M7K0H#[8C ]I\"B+68"2\0'T\N:S'D),-6EKFO-2Q@@",K#S[FF/Q
MU64E/ES=H>Y-4PR\OJQ]UBO/L*V'EQ4Y<>,B]JPDN@\PZS6HE.;W/$JL/"&D
MQHBS1'N_2I*!;J`;>7^VY!RNAV%*4D;^*GJ2@NZB9;D2RS=12,=83.8TMAF,
MSC0RY3H3J[7\E%6J63XF7%YMW;*M)JX3!58$;M(;[2=11/.)'\,U
MC.E/\0/KMK?RT(:D+45FJ_2]:]5+WSF%V9;";'[73$$J 9DE,8@\%=+%G7>IL+"_S3#K)-J@K
M3*4WEWF).;/+!N=2:YEX]@BP#PF@MLZWTSNO)]:=^9^#T]9V"1M\#LV)*I]'
M>`X@W:X!N4#7`,/(2J-V&VS^Q56T47)F"O?M:"*1G]#@K*OI.3ARVGO28.,2
M-U>KTU]$YEIS=CPXBZR M7U**=+W9+1\*#9\W!.8N`+1'\$=][C#?`C
MY,,0IL,J%\URQI,*6[O&4"U0XHR[_?79(TN5@"E`8`[C27P.J#R]D-5()W34
MS>Y[+[:2Y#++H*/@1%`#RHO/L&` =C`C!
M8;$M9\H?(V;7$S]]"R5?$CU:H4;RSKQ* [PV@6B1)V4LV1,)
MZF-W/9LA+=W[-I&,ZB=?L*?0'@HNH7=/P:F^VRNED7NC3BJC2F4/1,>2KE%D
M;1F.C[:"W;[K+`2)".=:!!3B#45ZE\U-Z,Q.ZK+2?J[_M2^ID47;#G7]X#U0
M*%GJQ>[SLW3DK0^0AV%DJU-=,R$G3K^)=5DIGFK&4$]`>9E%B2=`)/K:M'SN
M]O'?-GUCH+;-VU'?NMTU%C59M'WO^*I/ISA:Y^Z\8CIG^A,B*^##.02!O69"
M?&*N+^AU"E$`KUHGGO$:97T?I=Z42- O.WQ27\H?I>G;&\H
MPG@-F"L_\7V<>"%)_Q>4-;T7K5#ES9%[H: 8JAG<[14R3:2&\("0DI>3:CIN&95KV;_D[5F0OQZA8N$)Q#WT,Q
MC8;9 ;G-WE-&M=$6.7T;"AIYTN\;1BN*ZN0X9312 Y8Y^;NOD7(2L
MR],!^;56-LU"H)JI=9@FE'_*6M/1K1E1U2BX?69$0EW+`JFC5(I1M)JSLHMR
M#U$87"Q7.%IG367L2:*-G.,S=T6YM`*H]7!B0>'*HUPC@#=EINR)J(W J"+X0BT`QFLR#L'M?.;9.?%5*'X#=GZ2INCFYYL:L!CY0P+OQ
M0]?6I1WSYKFZ*H^;A@F@(=VC!.:U3]PZKNU8UV=GKB^0DEUG#_/-YA66[>W#
M?&+#7A\"8%6W6%5IG$2(/4R779FY@>3K=#,%R']8>OBKK3VWDZ:C[4)__^U&
MTX!C=.N%['&!-4`)8$U2K,4;S83F%/
M'EQ:;G%9GP8:L%YH:,6L&/O9VFDZ9C'UA%2MTX[I5^JPGLAMWEM;7=[`9W
M5ZBOMZV4X"D5%FGDK;*^6A8S514"S@)JKGI58N8J&/5M03%W\6@9X`J!@0-<
M!\O!._9U68"L@5"VQJ5C`YC%=&[FG%`'LG =\)G)BK8&][N:4,;N>&YG:WR:0..6Y4P"@NA4K-2:F"BE2TX
MA:2(M^($H_1:4'%-A'R((CM7]41)#]PMOVPJ(Y>&UV7E,O?([A,!\R2\A',K
MEZU$R`Z^#J=5^D+`&KA3H%CYRKM!8*K2M7:U8+1B;+QCX.I\Y`+180")3R(2
MD[QI-OQS5^AJMN,@A]:833(?0)=OLE-3P1H?_NJQ)\+B37XKUY+9;:(TZA7*
M0\](!TE%>>;4TA?C3N$:!@`%K!?=-^T\[B7$+],;^0R
M;\ _MSM F)T(4PWY7^Q5L )#\1+?Y8E$P7O3=V[K#N6UDL44#%??U=TK2;,/-P#T%#E,]NP=/S1]HNM0I)9ZK"$'Z
M6[IP)?>;Q@\'ZBS75;UYTHZ>1^C@O1_3M4]PD-Z T%JZ`9.\BS$P`4CGA^>GN"3V;STNSZC^";R@_:3]TZH1&+[1I`=
M/OE37-._]C9,,TML0T#RAP #:=4*!;1=O%=09W?7
MPZ'*L4U=X-(<1-1*Y4@C^"=&*$-]R>?BDQ=5FK@W"PF-I$7CA%+1(Q$VQG(Y][
M?M8KW]8=^'TJ3KV:3D6O%'DV0&2H T9WGJ)%RK.4_)JK=T:K#4K(NV=MLS+0U4G&QAZ<>^DK'CI9+=O])HC*C[7O'=69=NL6P;9V^
MF]+,-O8O61AL\1RTD^8(1"J.7W.EQA!-@$#<73M\-*9R^0G1-,(X^L9]*5^7/K#$EEKADT.5R-)=RGY9_$;P)>1A_+GVX6,?]-W(Q!+XW1=IK-/
MP7U\@4B,$W81KF@BPMRM[`+Z[E(R^UUVM)B=C-M8A1KH'HO](A-EKRE: S\PJ&D
MUN^E"0*YPB7^"$J%2TW#[6FJ$E.[49R?Y[4K2Y%+;I&-F7*!-'Y*O;+0(V0V
M3ULJVCK8XQ-SZ<5TZG^EESL?+YW[I+75J
MQJL*DE85U&S%9GK,FGD6>3F99\"Y7[LN<6I5J/1)[$W=0C9`R]TI)$T] 7$4H
M?I#I;2,XU'!V9(GUTHB)^BF:H=82Q00^(;("/IQ#$-ASKOC$!F\`!?`R4G54
M ?6RD,YH(L1DES2XW61PT8 / "G
MJL!/QPC\M`%X;0]*(1TR82>$DL@W?^G4;>K"G3-98PZ3`O+36X!@A)7Q;_[>
M=4VRD!PX4S?G"QG9>BU6EC=3&KCLNG`RTO&I>HIMR_MIH.*TRD/*^6F"J(Z]
M)/KE,(5WRXYCC#B?.M9EOAHQ)'G3=>(`/>%+1^U2$+ENU*]+=$VYAX1$>,,6
MY2FK>OQ'$FZ.Z>#O)20B,(S;B^SM Y"45U.5@]8XH`=,(!3+Y**,$G7K('6O1*+#.
MDEHGE-G9_';%&DP'7@@F^"MK_T-V .Q$]CAS8NXQM&F3_!495O;\!JP3[#]223188
M9%6OM8G8?)A)E+C37$Z79!6P-/%0T^5?NW^97`5+5_^R=PJ;]NQKZ#U0@9X"
M)E\F;J43!8%AW%JV+D5+"_`$L'!]HZ%I'H>N9D^NJYF081"XE%S#(2L7+S(D=9C9_.@;Q\&9MI+N9@=7'DHGV5UE*97#5+1+K
M*8-I(#W&Z#8#LN>![$NN1&M8FY>$\,IX&>D8=F@P8E)8ETT-1OH]H2U8N 4DY?K/5'[9,1;$[U21KH
M="6]/&[`RMLP6=-5ROC]F+`L!&O%16(O#--_$8)?:*#A+PHQ/`PTO3+A]]$0
M#D8!]*\SENT[?W6"(UAD@L@9Z6%E7J1IJ\0I5;PH0L6OHBE@063OTF[C9?@+
M6Q_N(D+7:?M^:"@]0"40:"A][*SK?-8!B;#^F!@N(&*EK?=Q%KU:DW@[T?'E
M;3I`+(2L_WRJ0H!9[FIU^T#G3K)"5SL1)I?:>"QX&V2%)+6K_`T(\]K#,YSE
MVC][8[+@VJA/3J?60S10NB])K+:RB\.+Z29/901?B'M6"%#9J:*
MJ7P(P9Q##_D@R^C9/KFI41N/66^#K)"G0G[,V.,ZE>=#KCP4>.E3$5F:9C8_
M>_0!(:R+PGD8?3/W'(L$I1$L9T.0%H4/O>7"I/@^H2+U("H4VJ8N\$F-8G,W
M!6NA#UIILGX?@/@^ -[V1
MH+LMLT7;&UNG-^.E>;'NK_S\0YL"NGD"0B.]M)V&O4L2S82&T1B\2Y8=8#7:
MM6'9@]:-J?Z0PN$PR(@0=(^!%$Q"_4#`@!Q/X1H&U#ME)\IVD\U"=, 80=UO8K2YH+HID7W.7D
M?`41RV-G!QBS>;:7?`24Q>`NNF%S0[DS6IL$7#P(EL=JDABVB'7Q4[_BH5A.
M>PGH/D_WD!L&HI#\JE\,W;K6YF?DVH5D67FQO%,9WV&X6`" WCJ7>4
MJ6G(O/]DM0K30-3JX[M"A.472Q=6 %\W-L;UN?E4"SG.S>VI51KVX.W/+Q36](*;`6$(:1"I1:?Q-Z@]=[L-N?,H@O65#)@:62`2(X*9BBF
MUSDVNS_)SZXGWSPB'(
MWZ_>I2!G\VW1ZQ3,(^HH8-:&WF?SM*)5TDP, KTW!CHMY]4^(1B7RK,^`Q+7
MMSEN[5OG,",R*2*@N.O_DW*5/VJ1L)=,LLO(ZSQQEXRLYF0T^VG704KMT>;4:HGD35JVND>=TG_*OP']>Y(`-/4
M@#UA=)$ 0%PF?+!J^7,E4=!QLTN\)Q[&FWF$64;#
MUL;!)^8RAI3:/%KPTA%'5BO%7JY=();;IM'H;\##,J\`MX[@5MD[E2Q]WK<=
M`N>/_C1.PNY3/UTDG>XJ0D(5!L]$%<2^I;3Y*%D+-6>' >'=9$ TGS//KTF6L/Z8Y`JF+8<6_J#=%P
M"Z352D<4RMOHV7P.?':8LJ7$;EHQQPRQ/C\9)/$YH)2\D$6,"6L+4?EC&TII
M@JV!I:A:3ZB,B,')2T[;)$].CRT^0D!,9BO*:PS1XC)B?61VGB"Y3>Z_T-G>
M16>/*XBMG6YJ @/B9ED`'50*V*
MDN`_(;R-_2F#4X#`'-:OTYF1,H_4X%R`5J%R`3-1PZ(D0JI&B'+"TC8VQ%8>
M?E`A=JN8*J"8*"'I_Z#]>)H0]G(326-2G*3WU`P4E9P]QMBCD$#DX0T-NCZA
MA"1>F$)I\_A=B*ZL'>M$2O(XOGLHU89:K4/OZ;(>IY=#:; ST+47&:N:RF9Q+KT9X\>S']QSLZL>5:KM:_`!P1L9>XG*?R"!R9ZTZ
M6=GE]D':.\PWNCAL9[]X!(=P;"PLE0[L!O'RN-RRE]F_#+7A^D"QFJ$FDA>(
M))CU1699F37`5CJ(RY!W&\!(N15E-95"V&1*JT^A6[%P+3IQ&(AX(L]EX`
MY,-*?;:2AI:&GM2'[J6>58X!A9.0XH[-CM`$(>J^944#Q;^*76H1' 2
M:?JBO"A49FJ^%8OT60YR.Z?-&8GADFY2L_DU_0?6VY/]@0U-%2/LV/=2EKTD
MO*YRO#7VT@OO5=[RY@(]:$`+ ]C9JRR0B'ZR_1&
M5@]ZP"'\Q"P!#UX#*>.>_:G7;XZ.O[+K?N4\I*KWM+ONRVY&Q1"GX5)OOI,P
M>9V%=@KFU+U.=0C#^R3MM4CA.UNNPFC#6HW%5`_1HO+OV?78V3S]1TL'LII,
MN:H VC&MKE1,^'$]:]2P5,E]29,S)3+5-=F*`K')8\!^Z^%-^8^R4,:!
M$G5QY-Y;L*A&G>(PXT;V[$>\N4WN"?@CH8.>K9F?I7F3N#Z +34;NSR
MH)`\N&P?QBQK"J>5W4,YWPZZ=&B;".^0F(GW@:H$[N@GUEX&XI!RF]066A25
M.Y0\Q#3?!N*,;_%.:R,AMP_,M&MCBQ@,'THV,&+O0))/S'7PHRZ/,F*&+MY7
MWBZT9:0:J(S,/C7AI'E2.IU-SB'RD$^#C,D"@]3GE+A'U/:]8Y>:KU4,T]:)
M.ZF]_WQ^<1+A582]&&2L`1K^`0R]\&!?1/%ZQEUDI20@K#NK9-[9)3P `>/2 _;6O6"F586Z@>Z$E
M7\,RK!SF8 'T5H?@AW.2O
MOZ2=^W*N!-,=`N,X;;PB)2XA5/J^O%3F@N27K!WZ .I.31!L"X>MB>1G[FZ*'@#,5IH]]YA)?9
M%56%0+5MO.9$/:\QMLA`LL8D`/#W;+0;L(!LD,QYY6_A!/C?+:+U2_IEMGO3
M'^J;-G=4-_NTC`B8,O-!T M'2%$T>6.["Q\4$&;CT^]Y9*J[2B]/Y"]F#)+8A)[*(!H
M8 C*>*>`^!BNVANS2,-;'G4\[D@S*#G6
M[S3 =Q=O'M.?V/`OO,&'M'&RL6F0%TCX*R.G4G5"O+EH `L``00E#@``!#D!``#M
M76MSV[C5_MZ9_@?4[TR;G=:KB^TX]KO)C"S9CK.VY;7LW#J='8J$9#@4H`"D
M8^77%P!)B11QH60EP7:9+Y%)X/`Y>("#@X,#\I>_;6^#4X@A]2(8@.$,H.ZS
M:/(3V`9=,ID.?`3.>H":X`G.#M)?`QVQ:W%D\:>6PH:V5W)*SM
M9FL[!RQ$^),*6^O@X*`A[V9%2R6+C2]N#SW&&Q^&R$:(1ALY;@,%HV=E[772&YN95T'`-$5/(Q)Y$6(X%?IU?3Z=(KPB+S*KO&K
M`LMA!N@:CH!4Y%`TPLLMAB;34/01>>V.PM'++4'<=D;:[Z$W_)FCS(IXU* :KS:F#Y3"K^[/OR9C'26ILC*H"C[ZX8?R;"2*'6II3RO?"[*\6?Z<>ADJRB6J+T#5:$PS(,["*,M@()$Y]_I[]I"KT"NGV1/7[3]*VXZ^?0S
MX!U,&AO^.ZT.9'WV2V.Y1DE:SQZ_D[^7NFE9/BY21Y.L6>\1R384:^ ][XC4+KE\?0!GCY_ :7X;QAM>0MEU/K56!L9XFQ^6\&R`CTI\)KY"7K$: BW=K_?\!=,^2CJ!Y@
MU098UV-W)R'YHAU9\P+E;E]@:L_(E)`"A)AZ.&EIN201;/4@\RF:BL>2$9\O
MQ$+5P[,"/ =:XLY2W.YL["LYE"[(0C)8B`:9[)I(,Y$[
MUS`41H][:WR6HAYF(C;$K6&)0WU).WTOE/0)?R05"J14D!=;,V=F;I ^87,HEK*2TE:3L2T> C$?/6`NSD16S=6 NPT002
MA'>0"01YB;4AL_'5[I+)!$4R:.;AH$ODXAUB91#!7-H2!6JI(PC2B\B)!5PN
M*`A6D5A3N*!P9[?9^B3F[3)?BUO6"$%+'2&0O@.7\NS33](WJ$>4C8[=03QD
M\'/,=3Y^$#VZ3$NY2(4Y2AT>D)[$0AQ(Y-43E8FF HAF*VB:I=
M"ALH`J/_$MEAB4#P++NHWJ6MF:L:^+[QAN'*X>^TDGD5U5;'("I$P,&SY`%*
M;FMFU:$[#9&J,A;'HZV.4Y1C>$:>ZD%HC"=IZ-*5L\]W;7700AU=LC!7$[<<
MN=#05;Q;@21;'*,V?6O$,S3DJ,K83%_%P$8]?C;C??1@Y*%P5? 2/J,.@G0E%N6I0^149:!Q+IW'AY#AG":G(?'76^*(B],&E0.FV+FV;I"
MK.ROG8&Q8+^0+U5(D0(I1H`PF*,$*4R0U*_=(K-UP#YOSC/\`)EH/`\')PA[
MV.>_.^*T#XJRI SV;NU3&<5;L(1[0M(($Y)AF4FZ,""UCU?&',>9Q,
M"1;Q(23 FJO21B."/WBT8",^C'MA-PA$@=I
M^,6!QU=%US"**18;7D=>(`)%BA&^MA!KMU!'KU;M%CE\\JA)3,$06"33*1J0P0$)-VT@&HY/I0/HQU3CWYO*59CVU1&V5;G.
M@P`+%+6'MVYROB[28ZU@'=SJD)TY4_]/%M^1[[_X][N+M[O_^?=[?QH_?L![
M!\'7_8?QAQF^[<5?3O?IP?ZO[?O;FQD+]Q_\K\WP3?3BMGM^%7SX&.[LX??#
M?K=W-CN]^7QV]K;][@J.VN][_WS=G(W??)B>_OH;VGW\W;L>O][H0'MW>
M_W;;#1KW7T?PZ]6+V_V#J/WVGO6OSZ+.[B,\&/XVZ_6NWN$^_(S?_S9C\&W$
M3FC4;)Z\H7WOIG?+O@;-CY=^D^X?!\]WSKY\G'6_[LTZI_>SM\/+O=.=]HO'
MX]GCZU]WG[/;_O/@_?#=_8?SU_V=5G!W=]F7[Q]V-+A[.&U]H)^&PS?W
M!Y/=QJ=_OF^2%OS\P+Y&SS^@C^3E?T!WJJ<6_G?FR\VQ9CIM0[6PA7X5$?S5N*SVEL?:HHS)WX\IG#,O:H++TI]8C(2
M+7JC':D5JUA"];M5#Y85W?CLV6#QXJ)]N*NZL)%C$F,S1+
M[S7X!RO(J$_ZK',L3C=VC84K\+[J03G+X*YY+"6>Z9A;NFVSNO:\L]KJ5MC#
MC+D3`2\XY$D\D0UWY $I,(`65E``9+)#ADEL@B[P7>08IS7W1'\BL>Y$Z?U$WQI6%K$&(
M7 M:V=X,\>NM6Q6J60^P[:GCCK9SV";N:V973`[/W*M
MI;%4PF9L]]0QIN6CV?7X>\(A;2U;VI)6QW5/'452G]BNO=>*[@[Q8V&C.C@X
MYO9)Q'KXTFTB(23D&4O85Y?-DHG,!`(N$20B04[FGV>P_=(H?")"7DVN%3XG
MD5SGE]%D2F@$L/+['KK/C21?*3DGOI1GJ"+^VL[J;8M+VZWV]D[KYT<6S-^V
MOR(,H7CROO_58&3UUH)A_K:(!H@$D:\Y]KRIK-B`8<3FLK87LN:(5FR9\A=>
MJC3. B:5K/GPXD_\66U)H]!''QN=GS*>#S
MHZ;8))-,OGY3U7AS0Z2^."+FCIAF>GD[#L9BL=O/'
M:UTN?WN
MJ%\5J%Y5=4Z[.QI:\#4*;FI1->X8PWZ:U.J.0DI4)C4464K]0I:2.[I5AZHU
MLFG:17^>`M(?W:A30-Q1>PW,)L+M>Z\GN;W7SM+>JSO-LB$]3$VEV=ARIPUL
M`+7CH+2WTRGL[;BC856@^BGH7)RDC%$8B*E+Q'IXYYC*N(\S2MHA+BTZEV>B
M17O@(/_=*=YZXGM3#FE:&:K>A+NLGT4C'8/SE>\))9.%S7)PH5H9J='G".YC
MENP@W9#,=,%+&)T3QJ_P'^(Q5Y0\H``&1S.G6V23RI@:K=#RBT"!@RU2&6EE
M=9V.W51&:E(W6U/E]@O \)I9G7KEIG,IAX.*:=T70
M>C.JAH(>$E 4/X$JDP!N9"_A##]XGX;=;L'43C.Q$$?>"3^!@F(J4(AR:DRDA-':&\
M\')&/SVTB@IEJQ"'=D:,Z(RKOU,/X3[F;A8)8QQY=,;M^90PN?7?'UT2S'F'
MXGK25KT8WI`31&%1YZR02NN1%S*+VLF]8?)=\9=;?OJEPW5;8VV=#&&`7T
M!CY&1R%?J65M@`G&\>0PRJZOV0J;"-HNL!E6P.4MT^3S`*XI5@6I: =!'D2'=[PF]>,A/%O>[]VD8H99:U,/$EU4Z,!^O*G &PHJ8;;;!]I8S)_FO!MI(O4V$8ZQ7AVLC7/6N+R=)
MU@,UFS55/8-$,T+B:O(5]R/4!Z3CQ\#1FD#YM8)WZK.4J%UC0=#Z,SCH3*
M)'V9[2/V8U(KQ[@PB!X$#.X@BI ..Y[F(--4VNKJ?X^K/PZIB-!!_B5AX(S_"O"@3R1"UET
MS2?^']YM-;#T3(E#IP+4N3 $T3>/KCT3WOHPG0TB%J>)=+`SEG:*>4V[BOO,D5`GD
MNO/PA8>Y?19&.7E&?W3\Z$/&L@CJ'V0V7D&-JCZ;17Z7(_(0OJ+$AU#N[?XQ
MVTFOAVWU57PEH9/3L@JB ?'^4;,M> Y>Q=2_\QA )L%%]1S4X\/\TF$=M7.(9'!`?L
M`HI>M)2W&)`)Q_.=ET8;U4;B$95+H(R&*U>\/Q+3FG"\G=2F
M!,^LE^SU@N$Q1E]AP!<4'Z!''=+,"-`4)SSJ=Q:'U,84RGON*&:"9Z3L*(Q%
M2N>C0ZH4$1E)(?(5,SU$H1\1RDX@=,@B&M`9)_80C0C%R.N2D%`O(!T U.*JBQ>(E8$Y:8A,\XU"Y(!AQ
MAXL/++<<0B4NXQ[+E3<3#^I_"KT[CK@'IQZ-TG2'=%WFIB>U/GAK^)ZE >.JA50FB:%/H;N.5!E4,:NF;Q,L)5?0CBDBQ: 1'
MR1PJ=W2K@-+X.BM*)H@Q0F=B[NB)LV5OXG#6$N_2=TA).TJ3D@/QLK?`/7NO
MQ*5_FT1R1J38%F*E"H,>]&7E=K/=;#6=4G`ER,;I+ETL"?_ [BFFEKJEH1:J?P-^>G'4)G1(.!";;(#`[
M&/+:PX$(L &UL550%``,GTOA4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%```
M``@`)HAE1LN2*3'L"P``:H@``!4`&````````0```*2!#P4!`&%E `Q0`
M```(`":(94;,R?UH1$```$GY`P`5`!@```````$```"D@4H1`0!A97)T+3(P
M,30Q,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4``R?2^%1U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4
M````"``FB&5&8:I(BB-N```-&UL550%``,GTOA4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`)HAE1HEW%@5>0```J/X#`!4`&````````0```*2!3\`!`&%E M`Q0````(`":(949C3 XML 28 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 3 - Related Party Transactions 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block] Note 3: Related Party Transactions Advisory Services Agreement The Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement between H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. and the Company (the Advisory Services Agreement) on March 18, 2011 that provides for an annual monitoring fee between $250,000 and $500,000 (the Monitoring Fee) and reimbursement of all other out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. For each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized $250,000 for advisory services fees. Other The balance of related party accounts included the following amounts: · Accrued board of directors’ fees of $25 thousand at December 31, 2014 and $14 thousand at December 31, 2013. · There were no accrued advisory services fees owed to H.I.G as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. · Accounts receivable from Green Country Recycling, LLC, for whom Joe G. Brooks, Chairman, acts as an advisor was $26 thousand at December 31, 2013. X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph b -Article 3A Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Article 4 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 29 Financial_Report.xls IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F
M,&%B8C@V8S0B#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7
M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O
M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T871E;65N
M='-?;V9?4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S7T1E9CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T871E;65N='-?;V9?0V%S:%]&;&]W #I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG7SPO
M>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,U]2
M96QA=&5D7U!A #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-%],:6YE7V]F7T-R961I=#PO>#I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-5],;VYG=&5R
M;5]$96)T/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O
M 3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-U]3=&]C:U]/#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/DYO=&5?.5],96%S97,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,3%?0G5S:6YE #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O 5]0;VQI8WE?/"]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-5],;VYG=&5R;5]$96)T7U1A8FQE #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-U]3
M=&]C:U]/#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?.5],96%S97-?5&%B;&5S/"]X.DYA;64^
M#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%
M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,E]3:6=N:69I
M8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG7S,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG
M7S8\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/DYO=&5?,E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG7SD\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@
M("`\>#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,U]296QA=&5D7U!A #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?-5],;VYG=&5R;5]$96)T7T1E=&%I;',\+W@Z3F%M
M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 5]$971A:6QS/"]X.DYA;64^
M#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 5]);F-E;G1I=F5?4&QA;G-?/"]X.DYA
M;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/DYO=&5?,3!?26YC;VUE7U1A>&5S7T1E=&%I;'-?23PO>#I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O #I%
M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,3!?26YC;VUE7U1A
M>&5S7T1E=&%I;'-?1#PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,3%?0G5S:6YE #I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5?,3)?0V]M;6ET
M;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;C$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I!8W1I=F53:&5E=#XP/"]X.D%C=&EV95-H965T/@T*("`\>#I0
M #I%>&-E;%=O 7!E.B!T
M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE
M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!);F9O 2!296=I 2!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLL(%-H87)E '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!6;VQU
M;G1A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y
M7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I
M;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T
M+U=O '0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@
MXH"3(')E;&%T960@F5D
M+"`R,"PU,C0@ 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q
M8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A
M8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R F%T:6]N("AI;B!$
M;VQL87)S*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q
M8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A
M8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#$U-"D\ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&-H86YG92!#;&%S '10
M87)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?
M8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!D:7-P;W-I=&EO
M;B!O9B!P 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2`H=7-E9"!I;BD@9FEN86YC
M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 3QB '0@0FQO8VL@6T%B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2
M1TE.+5))1TA4.B`P3PO9F]N=#X@(`T*("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6-L:6YG(%1E8VAN;VQO9VEE 2DL(&9O=6YD960@:6X@,3DX."P@ 6-L97,@65T:'EL96YE('!L87-T:6,@86YD(&1E=F5L;W!S+"!M86YU
M9F%C='5R97,L(&%N9"!M87)K971S(&-O;7!O 28C.#(Q-SMS('!R;V1U8W1S(&%R
M92!M861E('!R:6UA 2!F &EM871E;'D@97%U86P@86UO
M=6YT 6-L960@65T:'EL96YE('!L87-T:6-S('1H870@:&%V92!B965N(&-L96%N960L('!R
M;V-E 2!T96-H;F]L;V=I97,N($]U "!#;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H0FQU94QI;G@I+"!,;W=E)B,X,C$W.W,@0V]M28C.#(Q-SMS('!R;V1U8W1S(&%R92!P 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P'0M
M=&]P)SXF(S$W-#L\+V9O;G0^('!R;V1U8W1S('=E 2!";'5E
M3&EN>"!E>&-L=7-I=F5L>2!T;R!,;W=E)B,X,C$W.W,N)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M1'5R:6YG(&QA=&4@,C`Q-"P@04525"P@0FQU94QI;G@@86YD($QO=V4F(S@R
M,3"P@04525"!B96=A;B!S97)V:6-I;F'1R=7-I;VX@
M9F%C:6QI=&EE 6-L97,@65T:'EL96YE('!L87-T:6,@
M '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E
M9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4
M:&4@0V]M2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(')E=F5N=64@=VAE;B!T:&4@=&ET;&4@
M86YD(')I 2X\+V9O;G0^
M("`@(`T*("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P'!E8W1E9"!S86QE 28C.#(Q-SMS('-A;&5S('!R:6-E
M 2!W:71H('=H:6-H(&-U 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z
M(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P
M'!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!R971U 2!T:&4@6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@8V]S="!O9B!G;V]D
M 28C.#(Q-SMS('-T871E
M;65N=',@;V8@;W!E 2P@=V%R
M96AO=7-I;F2X@5&AE('1Y6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6%B;&4N(%1H;W-E(&-H86YG97,L('-H;W=N(&%S(&%N("AI;F-R96%S92D@
M9&5C 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"3PO9F]N=#X@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,2PR.3D\+V9O;G0^("`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY!8V-O=6YT 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.#$\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH-C@Y/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-R=65D(&QI
M86)I;&ET:65S/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE
M/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
M-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU-C6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU-3@\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY#87-H('!A:60@9F]R(&EN8V]M92!T87AE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR
M-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/E-U6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.;W1E 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY.30\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 65A 2!T
M:&4@0V]M2!F;W(@96%C:"!O9B!T:&4@>65A 2!L96%S92!T97)M
M(&]R(&5S=&EM871E9"!F=71U 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY'86EN 2!B92!R97%U:7)E9"!W:&5N('1H92!F=71U 6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!S=6-H(&%S 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);G9E
M;G1O 6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS.#4\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXT+# 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY7;W)K(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/"]F;VYT/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#,S-SPO9F]N=#X@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=""6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXU+# 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN926EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE(')EF%T:6]N(&]F(&1E
M8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S=',@*&EN('1H;W5S86YD 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXR.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-O=6YT F5D(&-U 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-O=6YT
M '!E8W1E9"!D:7-C
M;W5N=',N(%1H92!C87)R>6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86-C;W5N=',@ 2!R979I97=S(&%L;"!O
M=F5R9'5E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@8F%L86YC97,@86YD+"!B87-E
M9"!O;B!A;B!A 6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#
M:&%R9V5D('1O/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=&AE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/D%C8V]U;G1S/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$
M25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/EEE87(\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXT,SPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXT.#0\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT,#`\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`W,"4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T97AT+71O6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P2!% 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY4:&4@0V]M2!O9F9E F5D
M+B!!;6]U;G1S(&%C8W)U960@9F]R('=A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`PF5S
M('1H92!T=V\M8VQA 2!C=7)R96YT
M;'D@:&%S('1W;R!C;&%S 2!T:&4@0V]M28C.#(Q-SMS($)O87)D(&]F($1I
M &-L=61E('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S
M+"!A;F0@87)E(&-O;7!U=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!T=V\M8VQA &5R8VES
M92!O9B!O2!I=&5M(&]R('1H
M92!C=6UU;&%T:79E(&5F9F5C="!O9B!A;B!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&-H86YG92X@
M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:6YC=7)R960@;&]S 65A 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY"05-)0R!!3D0@1$E,551%1"!%05).24Y'4R!015(@4TA!4D4\+V9O;G0^
M("`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX\8G(O/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.
M+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$T/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.970@;&]S 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,2PP-S8\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,"XW-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ
M+#0P,3PO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.970@:6YC;VUE("AL;W-S
M*2!B969O 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH-C,\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$:7-T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`P/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY5;F1I 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY#;VUM;VX\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,"XP,3PO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,"XP,CPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,S(L,30Q
M+#DT-CPO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY4;W1A;"!W96EG:'1E9"!A=F5R86=E(&YU;6)E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXR,"PU,C0\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY397)I97,@12!P 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,C,L,3`T+#$Q-SPO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET
M86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!F
M 2!A9F9E8W0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R,3&EM871E;'D@.#`E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`R,#$S+B!792!C;VUM
M96YC960@ "!R97!R97-E
M;G1E9"!A28C.#(Q-SMS
M(')E=F5N=64@8V]M65A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@9F%I 28C.#(Q-SMS(&QO;F 2!T:&4@0V]M2!B87-E9"!UF%T:6]N('-C:&5D=6QE
M+B!4:&4@8V%R &EM871E 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E3
M4$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!9'9E 65A 65A 2X\+V9O;G0^("`-"B`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQB
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2
M1TE.+5))1TA4.B`P3X@#0H@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);B!-87D@,C`Q-"P@
M=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U;G1I;F&ES=&EN9R!R979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N
M(&=U:61A;F-E('5N9&5R(%4N4RX@1T%!4"X@5&AE(&-O 2!A9&]P=&EN9R!!4U4@,C`Q-"TP.2!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&%T
M('1H92!D871E(&]F(&%D;W!T:6]N("AW:&EC:"!I;F-L=61E 2!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@;W5R('!E;F1I;F3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S
M8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H
M=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!4 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#M4:&4@0V]M2!E;G1E 2!397)V:6-E '!E;G-E
M 2!(+DDN1RX@0V%P:71A;"P@3"Y,+D,N)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[1F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`R
M,#$T(&%N9"`R,#$S+"!T:&4@0V]M2!R96-O9VYI>F5D("0R-3`L,#`P
M(&9O 2!S97)V:6-E 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9B!R96QA=&5D('!A
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P3H@:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@
M4WEM8F]L+"!S97)I9CLG/B8C,3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z
M(#!P="6QE/3-$)V1I 2!S97)V:6-E 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL
M('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-O=6YT 2!296-Y8VQI;F '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B
M,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H
M965T '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"2!O9B!F=6YD 2!E
M<75A;"!T;R!T:&4@2`V,"4@;V8@=&AE(&5L:6=I8FQE
M(&EN=F5N=&]R>2!O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N
M=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,RPT.36QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,BPT-CD\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY!;&]3=&%R($)A;FL@;V8@0V]M;65R8V4@5&5R;2!,;V%N(&)E
M87)I;F2!A(&-O;G1I;G5I
M;F2P@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&%L;"!G;V]D 2P@;6%T=7)E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU
M+#DQ-SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=&AE 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,"XW-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$
M)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXS-RPW,3`\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS
M-BPQ.#$\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH-2PR
M-#`\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U]?7U\\+V9O;G0^("`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH82D\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D
M:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0X-24^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.
M+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH8BD\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M="!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0X-24^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B
M;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z
M(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T "6QE
M/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$U/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,"PR-C`\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ.36QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&5R96%F
M=&5R/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#8R,CPO9F]N=#X@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6-L:6YG
M(&9A8VEL:71Y(&EN(%=A='1S+"!/:VQA:&]M82X@4&%Y;65N=',@;VX@=&AE
M(&QO86X@8F5G86X@36%Y(#$L(#(P,3(N(%1H92!B86QA;F-E(&]N('1H92!L
M;V%N(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`R,#$T('=A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI
M8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE)SY7
M86QL(%-T 2!F;W(@56YI
M=&5D(%-T871E 2!P 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@5&5R;2!,;V%N(&-O;G1A:6YS(&-E &ES=&EN9R!A9W)E
M96UE;G1S+"`H-2D@2!T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);B!C;VYN
M96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(')E8V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%-E8W5R:71I97,@17AC:&%N9V4@06=R965M96YT
M('=I=&@@2"Y)+D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD-BPX,#8L-C4V(&]F('!R:6YC:7!A;"!P;'5S
M(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E 2!.;W1E+"!D871E9"!*=6QY(#$L(#(P,#DL(&ES 2!T
M:&4@0V]M3L\+V9O;G0^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@(#PO='(^("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@/"]T86)L93X\8G(O/CQT86)L92!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`S-G!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6QE
M/3-$)V1I 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`S-G!T)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6QE/3-$)V1I 2!O
M9B!36QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=72414
M2#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD,BPP.38L-C8W(&]F
M('!R:6YC:7!A;"!P;'5S(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`S-G!T)SX@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6QE/3-$)V1I &EM871E
M;'D@)#8N.2!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@;F5W(&-A6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY(+DDN1RX@=V%S(&ES 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P3H@:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@4WEM8F]L+"!S97)I9CLG/B8C
M,3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U=)
M1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'
M2%0Z(#!P="6QE/3-$)V1I 2!W:71H('1H92!397)I97,@02!.;W1E+"!T:&4@3F]T97,I(&EN('1H
M92!A9V=R96=A=&4@6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`S."XV-7!T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QD:78^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SYA;F0@,C`L-3(T+C$T.2!S:&%R97,@;V8@4V5R:65S($4@0V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@4')E9F5R 2`H=&AE(%-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY! &-H86YG92!!9W)E96UE;G0@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&AE 2!S96-U 28C.#(Q-SMS(&]U='-T86YD:6YG($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!O;B!A
M(&9U;&QY(&1I;'5T960@8F%S:7,L($@N22Y'+B!H87,@=&AE(')I9VAT('1O
M('!U 2!P 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!I 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%S "!Y96%R 28C.#(Q-SMS
M(&]P=&EO;BP@96ET:&5R("AI*2!B96%R 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY5"!Y96%R 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P3X@#0H@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@0W)E9&ET($%G 3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S
M8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H
M=&UL.R!C:&%R 3QB 2!.;W1E(%M!8G-T '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"3PO9F]N=#X@(`T*("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!T
M:&4@9FEL:6YG(&]F(&$@0V5R=&EF:6-A=&4@;V8@1&5S:6=N871I;VYS+"!0
M 2!D:79I9&5N9',@9&5C
M;&%R960@;VX@ 2!S96-U 28C.#(Q-SMS('-E=F5N(&1I 2!G
M 2!S96-U &-E2!B92!O=70@;V8@=&AE(&-O;G1R;VP@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN
M($%N(&5V96YT(&]F(&1E9F%U;'0@=6YD97(@=&AE(%-E &%M2`Q,RP@,C`Q-2P@2"Y)+D 2`Q,RP@,C`Q-2P@2"Y)+D 2!A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P&-E6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M3H@:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT+69A
M;6EL>3H@4WEM8F]L+"!S97)I9CLG/B8C,3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS
M1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SYP87ES(&1I
M=FED96YD 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`S-G!T
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6QE/3-$)V1I 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@4WEM8F]L+"!S97)I9CLG/B8C,3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SYI &5R8VES86)L92!O &-H86YG96%B
M;&4@9F]R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@=&AE(&QO=V5S="!P 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!3>6UB;VPL
M('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SYM86ME 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B!3>6UB;VPL('-E 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SYT86ME 28C.#(Q-SMS($)O87)D(&]F($1I 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@0VQA
M 3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S
M8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H
M=&UL.R!C:&%R 6UE;G1S(%M497AT($)L
M;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY!9&1I=&EO;F%L('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G,@87)E(&YO="!I 28C.#(Q-SMS('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!P;&%N 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"&5R8VES93PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]D:78^/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"&5R8VES93PO9F]N
M=#X\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 65A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-3`L,#`P/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,2XQ6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+C$W/"]F
M;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 65A 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
M-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 65A 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R
M+C 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S
M='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXW-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S
M='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C
M7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B
M8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0@0FQO8VL@4W5P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"2!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;CPO9F]N=#X@(`T*("`@("`@/"]D
M:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@
M,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%B:6QI='D@
M=&\@871T 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z
M(#!P="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY4;R!S=')E;F=T:&5N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;R!E;FAA;F-E
M('1H92!L;VYG+71E 3PO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/&)R+SX\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,"!C96QL6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT+CPO
M9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0G/D%D;6EN:7-T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P2!F 2!O9B!T=V\@;W(@;6]R92!P97)S
M;VYS(&%L;"!O9B!W:&]M(&%R92!B;W1H("8C.#(R,#MN;VXM96UP;&]Y964@
M9&ER96-T;W)S)B,X,C(Q.R!W:71H:6X@=&AE(&UE86YI;F2!R97-P;VYS:6)L92!F;W(@=&%X97,@9'5E(&]N($%W87)D 2!N;W0@8F4@ 6UE
M;G0L('1E 2!T97)M:6YA=&4L(')E 2!M87D@ 2!087)T:6-I65A 7!E 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="2!S=&]C:R!A="!A(&=I=F5N('!R:6-E(&]V97(@86X@
M97AT96YD960@6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL93TS1"=724142#H@
M,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR+CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6UE;G0@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&EN8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!A
M('-T871E9"!N=6UB97(@;V8@ F4@=&AE('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!3
M05)S(&%S(&EN8V]M92!U6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!S='EL
M93TS1"=724142#H@,3AP="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX]
M,T1J=7-T:69Y/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 2X\+V9O;G0^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@(#PO='(^("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@/"]T86)L93X\8G(O/CQT86)L92!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I
M=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T
M.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="65E 2!E;&5C="!T;R!F;W)E9V\@=&AE(')E8V5I6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="2!D969E
M 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&1I=CX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q.'!T)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M,'!T.R!-05)'24XM4DE'2%0Z(#!P="6UE;G0@9&%T97,N
M(%1H92!!=V%R9"!I 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P'!E;G-E('=A 65A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6UE;G1S(')E<75I 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9""6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$U/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$W
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$X/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXT/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;"!M:6YI;75M
M('!A>6UE;G1S(')E<75I 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P
M="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?
M-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O
M5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P&5S/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQB 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY$969E "!E9F9E8W1S(&]F('1E;7!O 2!D:69F97)E;F-E 6EN9R!A;6]U;G1S(&]F(&%S 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2
M1TE.+5))1TA4.B`P65A 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY4:&4@:6YC;VUE('1A>"!P 2!R871E(&]F(#,T)2!T;R!I
M;F-O;64@87,@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R`H:6X@=&AO=7-A
M;F1S*3H\+V9O;G0^("`@("`-"B`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQB 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P
M=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);F-O;64@=&%X(&%T('1H
M92!5+E,N(&9E9&5R86P@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-"XP/"]F;VYT/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#:&%N9V4@
M:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=""6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.2XP/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXH,S"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.2XP/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`\+V9O;G0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS
M1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`\+V9O;G0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@=&%X(&5F9F5C=',@;V8@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE
M/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX
M+# 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-R
M=65D(&5X6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW.3D\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG
M ""6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXS,#`\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S
M='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$
M25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C%P="!S;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#0\
M+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY-CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"28C,38P.R8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT-#0\+V9O
M;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#0\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=&AE
M 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE "6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C%P="!S;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG ""!L:6%B:6QI=&EE
M 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C%P="!S;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#0\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY-CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"""6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
M-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!
M1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY! 69O F5D+"!T:&4@3D],(&-A '!I F%T:6]N
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S(&-A
M 2`D,"XX(&UI;&QI
M;VX@2!C86X@=7-E('1H96TN(%1H92!E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!
M 2!W:6QL(&)E(&%B;&4@=&\@9V5N97)A=&4@861E<75A=&4@9G5T=7)E
M('1A>&%B;&4@:6YC;VUE('1O(&5N86)L92!I="!T;R!R96%L:7IE(&ET '!I
M 2!M86EN=&%I;G,@82!V86QU871I;VX@86QL
M;W=A;F-E('1O(')E8V]G;FEZ92!I=',@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S '1E;G0@;V8@:71S(&1E9F5R "!L:6%B:6QI
M=&EE 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!A9&IU "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@:&%V92!B965N(')E8V]R9&5D+B!4:&4@
M0V]M2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(&EN=&5R97-T(')E;&%T960@=&\@:6YC;VUE
M('1A>&5S(&%S(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X'!E;G-E+CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@/"]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P28C.#(Q
M-SMS(#(P,3`@9F5D97)A;"!T87@@ "!E>&%M:6YA=&EO;G,@8GD@=&%X:6YG(&%U
M=&AO &%S+"!F
M;W(@=VAI8V@@=&AE(#(P,3`@=&%X('EE87(@:7,@ &%M:6YA=&EO;BX\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`\+V1I=CX\8G(O/CQS
M7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!*=6QY(#$W+"`R,#$S+"!T:&4@
M0V]M2!E>'!E F4@=&AE:7(@9&5T
M97)M:6YA=&EO;B!A 2!D971E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P'!I 2!C86YC96QL871I;VX@8VQA=7-E+B8C,38P.R8C,38P
M.U=E('!U '!E8W1E9"!T;R!M871E 2=S(')E 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P2`R,#`Y(')E;&%T960@=&\@82!P=7)P;W)T960@8VQA 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U325I%.B`W,"4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T97AT
M+71O2`Q+"`R,#`T
M('1H 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%2
M1TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!H860@82!T;W1A;"!R96UA:6YI;F7!E.B!T97AT+VAT
M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@
M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X
M="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B
M;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M2!S65E 2!M87D@96QE8W0@=&\@;6%K92!D:7-C 2!M87D@86QS;R!E;&5C="!T;R!M86ME(&$@7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2`H2!O=70@870@=&AE(&5N9"!O9B!T:&4@;&5A 2!O=70@
M9F]R('1H92!38VAE9'5L92`Q($5Q=6EP;65N="XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M4:&4@
M=&5R;7,@;V8@=&AE(&YE=R!F:6YA;F-I;F6UE;G1S(&]F("0S.2!T:&]U 2`Q+"`R,#$U(&%N9"!W:6QL(&-O
M;G1I;G5E('5N=&EL($IU;'D@(`T*("`@("`@("`Q+"`R,#$V+B8C,38P.R8C
M,38P.T%T('1H92!E;F0@;V8@=&AE(&%G 28C.#(Q-SMS(&]B;&EG
M871I;VX@9F]R('1H:7,@;&5A '!I 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2`Q.2P@,C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M86-C97!T960@82`S-BUM;VYT:"!C87!I=&%L(&QE87-E('!R;W!O 2!O9B!T
M:&4@97%U:7!M96YT(&%C8V5P=&5D(&)Y('1H92!E;F0@;V8@=&AE(&9I '10
M87)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?
M8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!0;VQI8WD@*%!O;&EC:65S*3QB 2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(')E=F5N=64@=VAE;B!T:&4@
M=&ET;&4@86YD(')I 2X\
M+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&)R+SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P'!E8W1E9"!S86QE 28C.#(Q-SMS('-A;&5S
M('!R:6-E 2!W:71H('=H:6-H(&-U 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY2979E;G5E(&%D:G5S
M=&UE;G0@97-T:6UA=&5S(&%R92!B87-E9"!O;B!T:&4@;W)I9VEN86P@ 2!I
M;B!32!U;G-A;&%B;&4@2!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU,1494.B`P'!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4
M:&4@8V]S="!O9B!G;V]D 28C.#(Q-SMS('-T871E;65N=',@;V8@;W!E 2P@=V%R96AO=7-I;F2X@5&AE('1Y6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);B!O 2P@86UO;F&-L=61I;F6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);G9E;G1O 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXH,2PQ-C8\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXW-C,\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=""6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXH,BPV,C6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
M-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SY3=7!P;&5M96YT86P@
M1&ES8VQO 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@1$E34$Q!
M63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT)B,Q-C`[)B,X,C$R.R`S('1O(#$P
M)B,Q-C`[>65A '!E;G-E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@
M8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,30@86YD(#(P,3,@=V%S("0S+C@F(S$V,#MM
M:6QL:6]N(&%N9"`D-"XS(&UI;&QI;VXL(')E 2X@07-S971S
M('5N9&5R(&-AF5D(&]V97(@=&AE('-H;W)T97(@;V8@=&AE('!R:6UA 2!A 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!O9B!I=',@
M:6YV97-T;65N="!I;B!L;VYG+6QI=F5D(&%S 6EN9R!A;6]U;G1S
M(&UA>2!N;W0@8F4@ 2!T;R!P 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU+#`X,SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#@R-SPO
M9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&:6YI "6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW+#0P-CPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P
M="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$
M96)T(&ES 2!H860@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!A;6]U;G1S(')E;&%T
M960@=&\@9&5B="!I 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M92F%T:6]N/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#0X
M-SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`P-#PO9F]N=#X@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#0X-SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV,S0\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"F%T:6]N/"]F;VYT/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,S`\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,C4\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$W
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 2!R97%U:7)I
M;F7,@9G)O;2!T:&4@:6YV;VEC
M92!D871E+B!4 '!E8W1S('1O(&-O;&QE8W0@9G)O;2!O=71S=&%N
M9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E 2!A('9A;'5A=&EO
M;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@=&AA="!R969L96-T 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@
M5&5X="!";&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY"=6EL
M9&EN9W,@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N="!A 65A F5D(&)Y('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(&9O 2!A 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P
M=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!O9B!I=',@:6YV97-T
M;65N="!I;B!L;VYG+6QI=F5D(&%S 6EN9R!A;6]U;G1S(&UA>2!N
M;W0@8F4@ 2!497AT($)L
M;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)
M3BU,1494.B`P2!O=F5R:&5A9"!N96-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$96)T(&ES 2!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,3AP=#L@1$E34$Q!
M63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU,1494.B`P6UE;G0@=VET:&EN('1H:7)T
M>2!D87ES(&9R;VT@=&AE(&EN=F]I8V4@9&%T92X@5')A9&4@86-C;W5N=',@
M87)E('-T871E9"!A="!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@97AP96-T 6UE;G1S
M(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E(&%L;&]C871E9"!T;R!T:&4@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P2P@;V8@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@=&AA="!W:6QL(&YO
M="!B92!C;VQL96-T960N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@2!W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@
M=&%B;&4@8F5L;W6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY"86QA;F-E
M(&%T/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY"96=I;FYI;F6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/F]F(%EE87(\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.
M+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#:&%R9V5D('1O/"]F
M;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#;W-T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/D5X6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN926QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U325I%.B`W,"4[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,
M24=..B!T97AT+71O6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY"86QA;F-E(&%T/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV
M/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY%;F0@;V8\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT-SD\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ '0M=&]P)SXQ/"]F;VYT/D-H87)G97,@=&\@=&AE
M(&%C8V]U;G1S(&%R92!F;W(@=&AE('!U 2!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,3AP
M=#L@1$E34$Q!63H@8FQO8VL[($U!4D=)3BU,1494.B`PF5S('1H92!T=V\M8VQA
M 2!C=7)R96YT;'D@:&%S('1W;R!C
M;&%S 2!T:&4@0V]M28C.#(Q-SMS($)O87)D(&]F($1I &-L=61E('1H
M92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+"!A;F0@87)E
M(&-O;7!U=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!T=V\M8VQA &5R8VES92!O9B!O2!I=&5M(&]R('1H92!C=6UU;&%T
M:79E(&5F9F5C="!O9B!A;B!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&-H86YG92X@5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:6YC=7)R960@;&]S 65A 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY"05-)0R!!
M3D0@1$E,551%1"!%05).24Y'4R!015(@4TA!4D4\+V9O;G0^("`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX\8G(O/CQD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-0
M3$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$T/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY.970@;&]S 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,2PP-S8\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4@ 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,"XW-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#0P,3PO9F]N
M=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.970@:6YC;VUE("AL;W-S*2!B969O 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXH-C,\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY$:7-T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`P/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY5;F1I 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#
M;VUM;VX\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,"XP,3PO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXH,"XP,CPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,S(L,30Q+#DT-CPO9F]N
M=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL
M93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;"!W
M96EG:'1E9"!A=F5R86=E(&YU;6)E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,"PU,C0\
M+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY397)I97,@12!P 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXS,C,L,3`T+#$Q-SPO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 2!;
M4&]L:6-Y(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!F 28C.#(Q-SMS(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VX@:6X@=&AE(&)U:6QD:6YG(&UA=&5R
M:6%L 2!H87,@=&AE('!O=&5N=&EA;"!T;R!I;7!A8W0@:71S
M(&5X2!A9F9E8W0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S@R,36QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M2!H87,@ &EM871E;'D@-3`E(&%N9"!A;F]T:&5R(')E2`X,"4@870@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L
M(#(P,3,N(%=E(&-O;6UE;F-E9"!S96QL:6YG(&1I 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,30L($)L
M=65,:6YX(')E&EM871E;'D@-3`E(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@ 65A 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M
M2!M86EN=&%I;G,@8F%N:R!A8V-O=6YT 2!T:&4@1F5D97)A;"!$97!O 2!B92!I;B!E>&-E 2!B96QI979E 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&4@9F%I 28C.#(Q-SMS(&QO;F 2!T:&4@0V]M2!B87-E9"!UF%T:6]N('-C:&5D=6QE+B!4:&4@
M8V%R &EM871E 2!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E
M>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P2!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`Q.'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P2X\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);B!-87D@,C`Q-"P@=&AE
M($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U;G1I;F&ES=&EN9R!R979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N(&=U
M:61A;F-E('5N9&5R(%4N4RX@1T%!4"X@5&AE(&-O 2!A9&]P=&EN9R!!4U4@,C`Q-"TP.2!R96-O9VYI>F5D(&%T
M('1H92!D871E(&]F(&%D;W!T:6]N("AW:&EC:"!I;F-L=61E 2!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@;W5R('!E;F1I;F3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-
M"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T
M968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C
M:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY2
M96-E:79A8FQE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$
M25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.3D\+V9O;G0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXH,RPV.#(\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A'!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH-C$R/"]F;VYT/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6%B;&4@+2!T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG "6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXH,3,Q/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,2PV.#D\+V9O;G0^("`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH-"PV.3@\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#87-H('!A
M:60@9F]R(&EN=&5R97-T/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D
M:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M &5S/"]F;VYT/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9
M.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY.;W1E 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXY.30\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ '0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU+#`X,SPO9F]N=#X@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#@R-SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&:6YI
M "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW+#0P-CPO9F]N
M=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;F6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN926QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T '!E;G-E(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL
M 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$U/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$V
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;F"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$
M25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN926QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#:&%R9V5D('1O/"]F;VYT
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=&AE 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4G/D%C8V]U;G1S/"]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN926QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G/CQF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4G
M/EEE87(\+V9O;G0^/"]F;VYT/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D
M:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT,SPO9F]N
M=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT.#0\+V9O;G0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXT.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT
M,#`\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T '0@0FQO
M8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L
M;'!A9&1I;F6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.
M+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY996%R(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D
M:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$S/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY097(@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#;VUM;VX\+V9O;G0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXP+C`P/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`P/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY0 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXW,BXT-3PO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV."XR-CPO
M9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,"XP,CPO9F]N=#X@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4
M;W1A;"!B87-I8R!E87)N:6YG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY#;VUM;VX@=V5I9VAT960@879E 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX.2PV,S$L,38R/"]F;VYT/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX.2PV,S$L,38R/"]F;VYT/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS,3(L.3,X+#@Y.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT,C$L-S 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT,#(L-3 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,"PU,C0\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T '0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXS-#(L.3,P+#DV-CPO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T
M.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))
M1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS)2!N;W1E('!A
M>6%B;&4@=&\@=&AE($]K;&%H;VUA($1E6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T
M>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY(+DDN
M1RX@4V5R:65S($(@3F]T92`H8BD\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M.7!T.R!$
M25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4
M.B`P2!I;G1E 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY,97-S($-U 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY,;VYG+71E 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXS,BPT-S`\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-"PY-S(\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&ET86QI8SL@
M1$E34$Q!63H@:6YL:6YE.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T "6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG
M 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$U/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXS,"PR-C`\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O
M;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ.36QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)
M3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&5R96%F=&5R/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ "6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#8R,CPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,BXR-7!T)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y
M,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X
M-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E
M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;F6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^
M("`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+C$W/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY' 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F
M;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&;W)F96ET960\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C%P="!S;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,S4P+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H="6QE
M/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN
M9RP@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[
M(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY%>&5R8VES
M86)L92P@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO9&EV/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P
M="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R
M+C 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/&9O;G0@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6UE;G1S(&9O '0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL
M 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$V/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+V1I=CX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU,#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR-CPO9F]N=#X@
M("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG "6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO '0@
M0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@
M8V5L;'!A9&1I;F6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P"6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`-
M"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI
M;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@
M34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I
M;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P
M=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);F-O;64@=&%X(&%T('1H
M92!5+E,N(&9E9&5R86P@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS-"XP/"]F;VYT/B`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W
M 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXI/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T
M9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1R/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#:&%N9V4@
M:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=""6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.2XP/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXH,S"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU.2XP/"]F;VYT/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD
M/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B
M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!
M1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`\+V9O;G0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E('-T>6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS
M1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4G/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`\+V9O;G0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T "!! '0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,"!C96QL 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!T.R!$25-03$%9.B!B;&]C:SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+5))1TA4.B`P6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QD:78@ 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T)SX@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9""!A
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@8V]L 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE
M 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY+#@X.3PO9F]N
M=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H="6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT.#PO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH."PY,#0\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A
M6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,2PP-S@\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXH."PW,S@\+V9O;G0^("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D
M/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>""6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C%P="!S;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L
M86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)U!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A;"!D969E "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT-#0\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A"6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`S
M,SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X
M)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-0
M3$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@;F]W 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE
M/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9
M.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXX-34\+V9O;G0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!T:6UE 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXY-CPO9F]N=#X@("`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO=W)A6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@
M1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN
M93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@
M 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)
M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT
M/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@
M 6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T
M>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ ""6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C%P="!S
M;VQI9"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ
M(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO
M=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-R4@ 6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N
M,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ
M(#!P>""6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@
M("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@/"]T "6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&
M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT-#0\+V9O;G0^
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&YO
M=W)A"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,
M05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].
M5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN
M;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`S,SPO9F]N=#X@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@
M#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ 6QE/3-$
M)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@
M("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)2!S='EL93TS1"=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,G!X)SX@("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/&9O;G0@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K
M(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U14
M3TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U14
M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE "6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU"3U143TTZ(#!P>"6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#$N,7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE #PO9F]N=#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]D:78^("`@
M(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\+W1D/B`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)2!S='EL93TS
M1"=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@-'!X)SX@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T
M:6UE 6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"
M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].
M5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E('-T>6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D
M;W5B;&4G/B`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@("`@("`@("`@
M("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T1)
M4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@
M1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@("`@("`@("`@("`@
M/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0W)2!S='EL93TS1"="3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)
M3D "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ
M(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!X)SX@("`@(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QF;VYT
M('-T>6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXM/"]F;VYT/B`@("`-"B`@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T9#X@#0H@("`@("`@("`@("`@(#QT9"!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24@ "6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU"3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-S5P
M="!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%!!1$1)3D 6QE/3-$)T1)4U!,05DZ(&EN;&EN93L@1D].5"U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5"U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^("`@#0H@
M("`@("`@("`@("`@(#PO=&0^(`T*("`@("`@("`@("`@/"]T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^,S`@>65A '0^,B!Y96%R &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&EM=6T@6TUE;6)E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6%B;&4@+2!T '1087)T
M7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S
M8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6%B;&4@9F]R(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!I;G-U '1087)T
M7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S
M8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!;06)S=')A8W1=/"]S=')O;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M F%T:6]N(%M!8G-T 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M 3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?
M8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X
M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C
M7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T
M '0O:F%V87-C
M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA &-L=61E9"!F 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-
M"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T
M968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!4 2!4 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!4 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!4 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4L
M(%)E;&%T960@4&%R=&EE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M6%B;&4L(%)E;&%T960@
M4&%R=&EE '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P
M,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A
M9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2`H:6X@1&]L;&%R 2!!8V-O=6YT 2P@4&5R8V5N=&%G93PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B
M.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y
M,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2`R,RP@,C`Q,3QB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S6UE;G0@
M;V8@17AC97-S($-A '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@:6X@2VEN
M9"!;365M8F5R72!\(%-E '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!-971H;V0@26YV97-T;65N="P@3W=N97)S:&EP(%!E '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6UE;G0@
M=&\@8F4@4&%I9#PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!.;W1E($1A=&5D($IU;'D@,2P@,C`P.2!;365M8F5R
M73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^-B!Y96%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M-B!Y96%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&EM=6T@0F]R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-
M"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T
M968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6%B;&4@3VML86AO;6$@1&5P
M87)T;65N="!O9B!#;VUM97)C92!);G1E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B
M96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F
M,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
M-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?
M8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &-E'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O
M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q
M7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!O9B!!8W1I=FET>2!O9B!T:&4@0V]M2=S(%-T;V-K
M($]P=&EO;G,@6T%B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J
M879A 2!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;G,@
M*$1E=&%I;',I("A54T0@)"D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G,L(&5X8V5P="!3:&%R
M92!D871A+"!U;FQE 2!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;G,@*$1E=&%I;',I(%M,:6YE($ET96US73PO
M '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]SF5D
M("AI;B!3:&%R97,I/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M6UE;G0@07=A &EM=6T@6TUE;6)E 6UE;G0@07=A 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P
M,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A
M9C!A8F(X-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6UE;G1S
M(%)E<75I 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*
M#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S("A$971A:6QS*2!;3&EN92!)=&5M "!2871E+"!097)C96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M"!! '0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!2871E(%)E
M8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N+"!097)C96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S("A$971A:6QS*2!;3&EN92!)
M=&5M '0^,C`Q,#QS&5S("A$971A:6QS*2!;3&EN92!)=&5M '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &5S("A$971A:6QS*2`M($EN8V]M92!487@@
M4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@*%531"`D*3QB "!A="!T:&4@52Y3+B!F961E 2!R871E("AI;B!$;VQL87)S*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S "!A="!T:&4@52Y3
M+B!F961E 2!R871E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M'1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P
M86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q
M8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &5S("A$971A:6QS*2`M($1E9F5R "!! '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!A 2#B@)0\+W-T '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!A 69O '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S"!L:6%B
M:6QI='D@XH"4/"]S=')O;F3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y
M,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,S5F,#!D,6-?.3$X.5\T968Q7V(S,V-?8F5A9C!A8F(X
M-F,T+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E
M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C
M-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y
M7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2P@4F%N9V4@;V8@4&]S 2!!8V-R=6%L/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 65R($UA
M=&-H:6YG($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;BP@4&5R8V5N="!O9B!%;7!L;WEE97,G($=R
M;W-S(%!A>3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 65R($1I '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B
M,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S-68P,&0Q8U\Y,3@Y7S1E9C%?8C,S8U]B96%F,&%B8C@V8S0O5V]R:W-H
M965T '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^,3@@;6]N=&AS/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G0\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\>&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87,M;6EC
M '1087)T7S,U9C`P9#%C7SDQ.#E?-&5F,5]B,S-C7V)E868P86)B.#9C-"TM
"#0H`
`
end XML 30 R43.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Details) - Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options [Abstract] Outstanding, beginning of year 350,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Outstanding, beginning of year $ 1.17 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Forfeited (350,000) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod Forfeited $ 1.17 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice X - Details Name: aert_SummaryOfActivityOfTheCompanysStockOptionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 31 R29.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities [Abstract] Notes payable for financing insurance policies $ 994 us-gaap_FinancialGuaranteeInsuranceContractsRiskManagementActivitiesMitigatingClaimLiabilitiesExpense $ 727 us-gaap_FinancialGuaranteeInsuranceContractsRiskManagementActivitiesMitigatingClaimLiabilitiesExpense X - Details Name: aert_NonCashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of expense recognized during the period related to risk management activities (not including reinsurance) for the mitigating of claim liabilities related to financial guarantee insurance contracts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6933314&loc=SL5749324-161292 + Details Name: us-gaap_FinancialGuaranteeInsuranceContractsRiskManagementActivitiesMitigatingClaimLiabilitiesExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 32 R28.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail [Abstract] Receivables - trade and related party $ (1,299) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable $ 599 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Inventories (1,166) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories (3,682) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories Prepaid expenses (612) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets 763 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Accounts payable - trade and related parties 581 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable (689) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Accrued liabilities (131) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities (1,689) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities (2,627) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet (4,698) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet Cash paid for interest $ 567 us-gaap_InterestPaidNet $ 558 us-gaap_InterestPaidNet X - Details Name: aert_StatementOfCashFlowsChangesInOperatingCapitalDetailAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities less other operating liabilities used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets and liabilities, other noncurrent assets and liabilities, or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows, for example, deferred expenses, intangible assets, or income taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period net of cash paid for interest that is capitalized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaidNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 33 R44.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) (USD $) In Millions, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized (in Shares) 40,000,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized Sale of Stock, Percentage of Ownership before Transaction 10.00% us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipBeforeTransaction Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Purchase Price of Common Stock, Percent 110.00% us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPurchasePriceOfCommonStockPercent Deferred Stock Units Percentage Vested 100.00% aert_DeferredStockUnitsPercentageVested Maximum [Member] Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) [Line Items] Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized (in Shares) 10,000,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember Stock Issued During Period, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures (in Dollars) 1.0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember X - Definition Represents the deferred stock units percentage vested. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DeferredStockUnitsPercentageVested Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: aert_Note8EquityIncentivePlansDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock owned by parent company before stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipBeforeTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors), net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants, the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Purchase price of common stock expressed as a percentage of its fair value. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPurchasePriceOfCommonStockPercent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock, the exercise of stock options, stock issued under employee stock purchase plans, and/or other employee benefit plans. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (d)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 34 R30.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Components of Inventory (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Components of Inventory [Abstract] Parts and supplies $ 385 us-gaap_InventoryPartsAndComponentsNetOfReserves Raw materials 5,083 us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials 4,715 us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials Work in progress 1,827 us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess 2,337 us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess Finished goods 7,406 us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods 5,713 us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods $ 14,316 us-gaap_InventoryNet $ 13,150 us-gaap_InventoryNet X - Details Name: aert_ComponentsOfInventoryAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date for elements of machinery or equipment held for the purpose of replacing similar parts in the course of repair or maintenance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryPartsAndComponentsNetOfReserves Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant XML 35 R31.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets (Debt Issuance Costs [Member], USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Debt Issuance Costs [Member] Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Debt issuance costs $ 1,487 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = aert_DebtIssuanceCostsMember $ 1,487 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = aert_DebtIssuanceCostsMember Debt issuance costs $ 1,004 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = aert_DebtIssuanceCostsMember $ 634 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = aert_DebtIssuanceCostsMember X - Definition Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 36 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Accounting Policies [Abstract] Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns, which were $3.9 million and $3.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company’s sales prices are determinable given that the Company’s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts. Accrued Product Returns Revenue adjustment estimates are based on the original sales price of the product expected to be returned, transportation to AERT’s facility in Springdale, Arkansas, labor and repackaging materials, and costs to dispose of unsalable product. The accrual is reduced by the per pound cost of any unsalable product that can be re-used in the manufacturing process. Replacement deck boards are accounted for as a sale in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. Shipping and Handling The Company records shipping fees billed to customers in net sales and records the related expenses in cost of goods sold. Operating Costs The cost of goods sold line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with the manufacture of our products, such as labor, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, utilities, leases, and raw materials, including the costs of raw material delivery, warehousing and other distribution related costs. The selling and administrative costs line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with sales, marketing, and support activities like accounting and information technology. The types of costs incurred in those areas include labor, advertising, travel, commissions, outside professional services, leases, and depreciation. Statements of Cash Flows In order to determine net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net loss has been adjusted by, among other things, changes in current assets and current liabilities, excluding changes in cash, current maturities of long-term debt and current notes payable. Those changes, shown as an (increase) decrease in current assets and an increase (decrease) in current liabilities, are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Receivables - trade and related party $ (1,299 ) $ 599 Inventories (1,166 ) (3,682 ) Prepaid expenses (612 ) 763 Accounts payable - trade and related parties 581 (689 ) Accrued liabilities $ (131 ) $ (1,689 ) $ (2,627 ) $ (4,698 ) Cash paid for interest $ 567 $ 558 Cash paid for income taxes - - Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities (in thousands) : Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Notes payable for financing insurance policies $ 994 $ 727 Buildings and Equipment Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings — 15 to 30 years, leasehold improvements — 2 to 6 years, and machinery and equipment — 3 to 10 years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives. Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 2014 2013 Parts and supplies $ - $ 385 Raw materials 5,083 4,715 Work in progress 1,827 2,337 Finished goods 7,406 5,713 $ 14,316 $ 13,150 Other Assets Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. As of December 31, the Company had the following amounts related to debt issuance costs (in thousands): 2014 2013 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Debt issuance costs $ 1,487 $ 1,004 $ 1,487 $ 634 The following table represents the total estimated future amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands): Estimated Amortization 2015 $ 330 2016 $ 125 2017 $ 28 Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer’s remittance advice. Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management’s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. The table below presents a roll forward of our allowance for sales returns and bad debts for 2014 and 2013 (in thousands). Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts Deductions 1 Balance at End of Year 2014 $ 43 484 - 479 $ 48 2013 $ 47 396 - 400 $ 43 1 Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created. Warranty Estimates The Company offers a limited warranty on its products. Estimates of expected warranty claims are recorded as liabilities and charged to income in the period revenue is recognized. Amounts accrued for warranty claims totaled $0.7 million at December 31, 2014 and $0.6 million at December 31, 2013. Earnings Per Share The Company utilizes the two-class method for computing and presenting earnings per share. The Company currently has two classes of common stock (the Common Stock) and one class of cumulative participating preferred stock, Series E (the Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company’s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Preferred Stock is considered a participating security requiring the two-class method for the computation and presentation of net income per share – basic. The two-class computation method for each period segregates basic earnings per common and participating share into two categories: distributed earnings per share (i.e., the Preferred Stock stated dividend) and undistributed earnings per share, which allocates earnings after subtracting the Preferred Stock dividend to the total of weighted average common shares outstanding plus equivalent converted common shares related to the Preferred Stock. Basic earnings per common and participating share exclude the effect of Common Stock equivalents, and are computed using the two-class computation method. In computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive—those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share—are included. The exercise of options or conversion of convertible securities is not assumed if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a loss from continuing operations is reported. As a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even if an entity has net income after adjusting for discontinued operations, an extraordinary item or the cumulative effect of an accounting change. The Company incurred losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Therefore, basic EPS and diluted EPS were computed in the same manner. The following table presents the two-class method for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in thousands, except share and per share data) Year ended December 31 2014 2013 Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Preferred stock dividend 1,487 1,401 Net income (loss) before dividends $ 411 $ (63 ) Per share information: Basic earnings per common and participating share: Distributed earnings per share: Common $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Preferred $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Earned, unpaid dividends per share: Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Undistributed losses per share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred - - Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Basic weighted average common shares: Common weighted average number of shares 89,631,162 89,631,162 Participating preferred shares - if converted 332,141,946 312,938,898 Total weighted average number of shares 421,773,108 402,570,060 Total weighted average number of preferred shares 20,524 20,524 Although not included in the basic earnings per share calculation under the two-class method due to a period of loss, the Company had participating securities outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The following schedule presents these securities for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 2014 2013 Series E preferred stock 342,930,966 323,104,117 Although these financial instruments were not included due to a period of loss for the year ended December 31, 2014, such financial instruments would need to be included with future calculations of basic EPS under the two-class method in periods of income. Concentration Risk Credit Risk The Company’s revenues are derived principally from national and regional building products distributors. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers. The Company’s concentration in the building materials industry has the potential to impact its exposure to credit risk because changes in economic or other conditions in the construction industry may similarly affect the Company’s customers. The Company has significant customer concentration, with one customer representing approximately 50% and another representing 14% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, as compared to one customer who represented approximately 80% at December 31, 2013. We commenced selling direct to Lowe’s at the end of 2014. Major Customers For the year ended December 31, 2014, BlueLinx represented approximately 50% of the Company’s revenue compared to 60% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our next leading customer accounted for 10% of the Company’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 9% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Cash The Company maintains bank accounts which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. At times, cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company believes no significant concentrations of risk exist with respect to its cash. Disclosure about Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt has been estimated by the Company based upon each obligation’s characteristics, including remaining maturities, interest rate, credit rating, and collateral and amortization schedule. The carrying amount approximates fair value. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Advertising Costs Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Research and Development Costs Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $0.6 million and $0.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our financial statements and have not yet determined the method with which we will adopt the standard in 2017. X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18861-107790 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18743-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18854-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 37 R32.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Estimated Amortization (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Estimated Amortization [Abstract] 2015 $ 330 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths 2016 125 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo 2017 $ 28 us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree X - Details Name: aert_EstimatedAmortizationAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant XML 38 R40.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt (Parentheticals) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Note Payable Oklahoma Department of Commerce Interest Rate [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Interest Rate 3.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_NotePayableOklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceInterestRateMember 3.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_NotePayableOklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceInterestRateMember Notes Payable AloStar Bank Instrest Rate [Member] Debt Instrument [Line Items] Interest Rate 5.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_NotesPayableAloStarBankInstrestRateMember 5.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_NotesPayableAloStarBankInstrestRateMember X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_NotePayableOklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceInterestRateMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_NotesPayableAloStarBankInstrestRateMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 39 R53.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) (Subsequent Event [Member], USD $) 0 Months Ended Jan. 22, 2015 Jan. 19, 2015 BOA Financing Agreement [Member] Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Term 18 months Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment $ 39,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_BOAFinancingAgreementMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember VFI Corporate Finance Material Handling Equipment [Member] Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) [Line Items] Number of Monthly Capital Lease Payments 36 aert_NumberOfMonthlyCapitalLeasePayments / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_VFICorporateFinanceMaterialHandlingEquipmentMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember Capital Leases, Monthly Payment 19,000 aert_CapitalLeasesMonthlyPayment / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_VFICorporateFinanceMaterialHandlingEquipmentMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember Bargain Purchase Price Amount $ 1.00 aert_BargainPurchasePriceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_VFICorporateFinanceMaterialHandlingEquipmentMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember X - Definition Represents the amount for the bargain purchase price. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_BargainPurchasePriceAmount Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the monthly capital lease payments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_CapitalLeasesMonthlyPayment Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: aert_Note14SubsequentEventsDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the number of monthly capital lease payments. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_NumberOfMonthlyCapitalLeasePayments Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the required periodic payments including both interest and principal payments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 40 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheets (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Current assets: Cash $ 112 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 124 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance of $48 at December 31, 2014 and $44 at December 31, 2013 4,346 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent 3,095 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent Accounts receivable - related party 26 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent 55 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent Inventories 14,316 us-gaap_InventoryNet 13,150 us-gaap_InventoryNet Prepaid expenses 1,134 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent 522 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent Total current assets 19,934 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent 16,946 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Land, buildings and equipment: Land 2,220 us-gaap_Land 2,220 us-gaap_Land Buildings and leasehold improvements 17,019 us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross 16,972 us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross Machinery and equipment 52,267 us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross 47,479 us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross Construction in progress 662 us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross 3,962 us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross Total land, buildings and equipment 72,168 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross 70,633 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Less accumulated depreciation 45,080 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment 41,808 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Net land, buildings and equipment 27,088 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet 28,825 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $1,004 at December 31, 2014 and $634 at December 31, 2013 483 us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense 853 us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense Other assets 380 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent 380 us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent Total other assets 863 us-gaap_OtherAssets 1,233 us-gaap_OtherAssets Total assets 47,885 us-gaap_Assets 47,004 us-gaap_Assets Current liabilities: Accounts payable – trade 4,559 us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent 3,993 us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent Accounts payable – related parties 25 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent 13 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent Current maturities of long-term debt 5,240 us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent 1,209 us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Accruals related to expected settlement of class action lawsuit 133 us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueCurrent Other accrued liabilities 3,865 us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent 3,859 us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Working capital line of credit 3,625 us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent 5,135 us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent Total current liabilities 17,314 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent 14,342 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Long-term debt, less current maturities 32,470 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent 34,972 us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Additional paid-in capital 53,660 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital 53,660 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Accumulated deficit (82,176) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit (81,100) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Total stockholders' deficit (27,619) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity (26,543) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 47,885 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity 47,004 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Current liabilities: Series E cumulative convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 30,000 shares authorized, 20,524 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013, including accrued unpaid dividends of $5,196 and $3,709 at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively 25,720 us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockNonredeemableOrRedeemableIssuerOptionValue / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 24,233 us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockNonredeemableOrRedeemableIssuerOptionValue / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Common Class A [Member] Current liabilities: Class of stock, common stock, value 897 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember 882 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Convertible Common Stock [Member] Current liabilities: Class of stock, common stock, value $ 15 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember X - Details Name: aert_LandBuildingsAndEquipmentAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount for accounts payable to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer), for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a(1) -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, including, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6812-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Value of outstanding nonredeemable convertible preferred stock or outstanding convertible preferred stock that is redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockNonredeemableOrRedeemableIssuerOptionValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use, excluding land held for sale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6812-107765 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Land Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6517033 + Details Name: us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt, after unamortized discount or premium, scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount of long-term debt, net of unamortized discount or premium, excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer (current maturities). Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of loss contingency liability expected to be resolved within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6812-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable arising from transactions not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6911-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e7018-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate carrying amounts, as of the balance sheet date, of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 10 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate carrying amount, as of the balance sheet date, of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Assets -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509628 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6787-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=47804770&loc=d3e5879-108316 + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The remaining balance of debt issuance expenses that were capitalized and are being amortized against income over the lives of the respective bond issues. This does not include the amounts capitalized as part of the cost of the utility plant or asset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 41 R45.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 9 - Leases (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Leases [Abstract] Operating Leases, Rent Expense $ 2.8 us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense $ 2.8 us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense X - Definition Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 42 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Cash Flows (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic $ (1,464) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 4,213 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization 4,649 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization Dividends on preferred stock 1,487 us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock 1,401 us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Accrued interest converted to long-term debt 2,587 us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 2,362 us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 Gain from fixed asset disposition (69) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment (9) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Change in accounts receivable allowance 5 us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesPeriodIncreaseDecrease (2) us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesPeriodIncreaseDecrease Gain on involuntary disposition of non-monetary assets due to fire (345) aert_GainOnInvoluntaryDispositionOfNonmonetaryAssetsDueToFire Decrease in other assets 32 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets Changes in other current assets and current liabilities (2,627) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet (4,698) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet Net cash provided by operating activities 4,175 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities 2,271 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of land, buildings and equipment (2,115) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment (3,376) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment Proceeds from disposition of equipment 77 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment 11 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Insurance proceeds from involuntary disposition of property 418 us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities Net cash used in investing activities (1,620) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities (3,365) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of notes 1,029 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt Payments on notes (2,086) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable (1,903) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable Net borrowing (payments) on line of credit (1,510) us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLoansAndLeases 2,807 us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLoansAndLeases Debt issuance costs (32) us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (2,567) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities 872 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Decrease in cash (12) us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease (222) us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash, beginning of period 124 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 346 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Cash, end of period $ 112 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 124 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue X - Details Name: aert_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetLossToNetCashProvidedByOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: aert_CashFlowsFromFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: aert_CashFlowsFromInvestingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the gain on involuntary disposition of assets due to fire. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_GainOnInvoluntaryDispositionOfNonmonetaryAssetsDueToFire Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The value of the financial instrument(s) that the original debt is being converted into in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. "Part noncash" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash, stock and payment-in-kind (PIK). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 405 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets, other noncurrent assets, or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities less other operating liabilities used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets and liabilities, other noncurrent assets and liabilities, or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Net income after adjustments for dividends on preferred stock (declared in the period) and/or cumulative preferred stock (accumulated for the period). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total of the cash outflow during the period which has been paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt and the cost incurred directly for the issuance of equity securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash outflow or inflow for the increase (decrease) in the beginning and end of period of loan and lease balances which are not originated or purchased specifically for resale. Includes cash payments and proceeds associated with (a) loans held-for-investment, (b) leases held-for-investment, and (c) both. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLoansAndLeases Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the amounts received by the insured under the terms of an insurance contract settlement. This element pertains only to insurance proceeds related to investments, for example fixed assets. It excludes insurance settlements classified as operating cash flows. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow during the period from additional borrowings in aggregate debt. Includes proceeds from short-term and long-term debt. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for a borrowing supported by a written promise to pay an obligation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total increases or decreases in allowances and reserves, the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 43 R35.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Antidilutive Securities (Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Series E preferred stock 342,930,966 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount / us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 323,104,117 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount / us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember X - Definition Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Antidilution -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6505113 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510752 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508534 + Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 44 R22.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Accounting Policies [Abstract] Cash Flow, Operating Capital [Table Text Block] Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Receivables - trade and related party $ (1,299 ) $ 599 Inventories (1,166 ) (3,682 ) Prepaid expenses (612 ) 763 Accounts payable - trade and related parties 581 (689 ) Accrued liabilities $ (131 ) $ (1,689 ) $ (2,627 ) $ (4,698 ) Cash paid for interest $ 567 $ 558 Cash paid for income taxes - - Schedule of Cash Flow, Supplemental Disclosures [Table Text Block] Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Notes payable for financing insurance policies $ 994 $ 727 Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Parts and supplies $ - $ 385 Raw materials 5,083 4,715 Work in progress 1,827 2,337 Finished goods 7,406 5,713 $ 14,316 $ 13,150 Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Debt issuance costs $ 1,487 $ 1,004 $ 1,487 $ 634 Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block] Estimated Amortization 2015 $ 330 2016 $ 125 2017 $ 28 Allowance for Credit Losses on Financing Receivables [Table Text Block] Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts Deductions 1 Balance at End of Year 2014 $ 43 484 - 479 $ 48 2013 $ 47 396 - 400 $ 43 Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block] Year ended December 31 2014 2013 Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Preferred stock dividend 1,487 1,401 Net income (loss) before dividends $ 411 $ (63 ) Per share information: Basic earnings per common and participating share: Distributed earnings per share: Common $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Preferred $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Earned, unpaid dividends per share: Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Undistributed losses per share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred - - Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Basic weighted average common shares: Common weighted average number of shares 89,631,162 89,631,162 Participating preferred shares - if converted 332,141,946 312,938,898 Total weighted average number of shares 421,773,108 402,570,060 Total weighted average number of preferred shares 20,524 20,524 Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Series E preferred stock 342,930,966 323,104,117 X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of financing receivables (examples of financing receivables include loans, trade accounts receivable and notes receivable) and activity in the allowance for credit losses account. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=SL6953423-111524 + Details Name: us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the net increase (decrease) in operating capital in the operating section of the statement of cash flows, represents the entire footnote disclosure that provides details regarding the net change during the reporting period of all assets and liabilities used in operating activities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_CashFlowOperatingCapitalTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of supplemental cash flow information for the periods presented. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16265-109275 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 2 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a,b,c -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 45 R36.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) (USD $) 0 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Mar. 18, 2011 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] | Monitoring Fees [Member] | Minimum [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Related Party Transaction, Amounts of Transaction $ 250,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] | Monitoring Fees [Member] | Maximum [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Related Party Transaction, Amounts of Transaction 500,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] | Monitoring Fees [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Related Party Transaction, Amounts of Transaction 250,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember 250,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember Board of Directors Fees [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Accounts Payable, Related Parties 25,000 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_BoardOfDirectorsFeesMember 14,000 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_BoardOfDirectorsFeesMember Green Country Recycling [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Accounts Receivable, Related Parties 26,000 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedParties / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = aert_GreenCountryRecyclingMember Monitoring Fees [Member] | H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) [Line Items] Accounts Payable, Related Parties $ 0 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember $ 0 us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = aert_MonitoringFeesMember X - Details Name: aert_Note3RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount for accounts payable to related parties. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, amount of receivables arising from transactions with related parties. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 3 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedParties Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of transactions with related party during the financial reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=aert_MonitoringFeesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aert_BoardOfDirectorsFeesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aert_GreenCountryRecyclingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 46 R24.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract] Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Aggregate Intrinsic Value at December 31, 2014 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding, beginning of year - $ - $ - 350,000 $ 1.17 Granted - - - - - Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - - - (350,000 ) 1.17 Outstanding, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - Exercisable, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, vested and expected to vest, exercisable or convertible at the end of the year, and the number of share options or share units that were granted, exercised or converted, forfeited, and expired during the year. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 47 Show.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
}; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; }
}; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } }
}; XML 48 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 1 - Description of the Company 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Disclosure Text Block [Abstract] Business Description and Basis of Presentation [Text Block] Note 1: Description of the Company Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (AERT or the Company), founded in 1988, recycles polyethylene plastic and develops, manufactures, and markets composite building materials that are used in place of traditional wood or plastic products for exterior applications in building and remodeling homes and for certain other industrial or commercial building purposes. The Company’s products are made primarily from approximately equal amounts of waste wood fiber, which have been cleaned, sized and reprocessed, and recycled polyethylene plastics that have been cleaned, processed, and reformulated utilizing our patented and proprietary technologies. Our products have been extensively tested, and are sold by leading national companies such as BlueLinx Corporation (BlueLinx), Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (Lowe’s) and Therma-Tru Corporation. The Company’s products are primarily used in renovation and remodeling by consumers, homebuilders, and contractors as an exterior environmentally responsible building alternative for decking, railing, and trim products. The Company’s distributor for its ChoiceDek ® products was BlueLinx Corporation. All ChoiceDek ® products were sold by BlueLinx exclusively to Lowe’s. During late 2014, AERT, BlueLinx and Lowe’s reached an agreement to service Lowe’s stores differently. While AERT continues to service Special Order Sales (SOS) for BlueLinx, AERT began servicing select Lowe’s stores directly with the ChoiceDek® products. The Company currently manufactures all of its composite products at extrusion facilities in Springdale, Arkansas. The Company operates a plastic recycling, blending and storage facility in Lowell, Arkansas, where it also leases warehouses and land for inventory storage. The Company also maintains a facility at Watts, Oklahoma where it cleans, reformulates, and recycles polyethylene plastic scrap as a means to reduce the Company’s costs of recycled plastics. X - Definition The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts. Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies, parent and subsidiary relationships, business divisions, business units, business segments, affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 49 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheets (Parentheticals) (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Trade accounts receivable, allowance (in Dollars) $ 48 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent $ 44 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent Debt issuance costs, accumulated amortization (in Dollars) 1,004 us-gaap_AccumulatedAmortizationOfCurrentDeferredFinanceCosts 634 us-gaap_AccumulatedAmortizationOfCurrentDeferredFinanceCosts Series E convertible preferred stock, par value (in Dollars per share) $ 1,000.00 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Series E convertible preferred stock, par value (in Dollars per share) $ 0.01 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember $ 0.01 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Series E convertible preferred stock, shares authorized 30,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 30,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Series E convertible preferred stock, shares issued 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Series E convertible preferred stock, shares outstanding 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Series E cumulative convertible preferred stock, accrued unpaid dividends (in Dollars) $ 5,196 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember $ 3,709 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Common Class A [Member] Class of stock, common stock, par value (in Dollars per share) $ 0.01 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember $ 0.01 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Class of stock, common stock, shares authorized 525,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember 525,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Class of stock, common stock, shares issued 89,631,162 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember 88,165,632 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Class of stock, common stock, shares outstanding 89,631,162 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember 88,165,632 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Convertible Common Stock [Member] Class of stock, common stock, par value (in Dollars per share) $ 0.01 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember $ 0.01 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember Class of stock, common stock, shares authorized 7,500,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember 7,500,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember Class of stock, common stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember 1,465,320 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember Class of stock, common stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember 1,465,320 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember X - Definition Carrying amount of accumulated amortization of current deferred finance costs capitalized at the end of the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedAmortizationOfCurrentDeferredFinanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e5074-111524 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of dividends declared but unpaid on equity securities issued by the entity and outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph a -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 5 -Article 9 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleCommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 50 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 11 - Business Interruption 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Extraordinary and Unusual Items [Abstract] Unusual or Infrequent Items Disclosure [Text Block] Note 11: Business Interruption On July 17, 2013, the Company experienced a fire at its Springdale North extrusion facility and a silo fire on July 25, 2013, at its Lowell facility. These facilities were closed temporarily while the Company, local, state, and federal officials investigated and repairs were made. The Lowell plant re-commenced operations on July 30, 2013 while the first line at the extrusion plant re-commenced production on August 16, 2013. The remaining four extrusion lines were brought back into operation between August 17 and August 23, 2013. Final adjustments and repairs to the extrusion lines were done in the first quarter of 2014. The Company included the $2.5 million insurance advance received in partial settlement of the Springdale fire in October 2013, as other income on the Statement of Operations. AERT filed preliminary claims for both the property damage and the business interruption losses. Although our insurance underwriters have yet to finalize their determination as to the nature of the loss, because a claim was not filed for property damage as of December 31, 2013, the Company determined that the full amount of the proceeds received in October 2013 related to business interruption. It is our belief that the majority of the settlement will be as a result of business interruption. X - Details Name: us-gaap_ExtraordinaryAndUnusualItemsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for any additional information related to the determination or classification of material events or transactions (that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future) that possesses a high degree of abnormality and are incidentally related to, the ordinary and typical activities of the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6365513&loc=d3e15138-107781 + Details Name: us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 51 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document And Entity Information (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Feb. 27, 2015 Jun. 30, 2014 Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name ADVANCED ENVIRONMENTAL RECYCLING TECHNOLOGIES INC Document Type 10-K Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 89,631,162 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Entity Public Float $ 8,852,922 dei_EntityPublicFloat Amendment Flag false Entity Central Index Key 0000849706 Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Filer Category Smaller Reporting Company Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2014 Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY X - Details Name: aert_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 52 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies Long Term Contracts The Company had two agreements for the purchase of raw materials. One agreement expired in mid-January 2013, at which time that agreement reverted to a month-to-month obligation. The other agreement expires in 2016. Under this agreement, we are obligated to purchase raw plastic based on the vendor’s production with a 180-day cancellation clause. We purchased less than $1.0 million of raw plastic from this vendor for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Legal Proceedings AERT is involved from time to time in litigation arising from the normal course of business that is not disclosed in its filings with the SEC. In management's opinion, this litigation is not expected to materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial condition. Class Action Lawsuits The U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington (Seattle Division) approved a class action settlement in January 2009 related to a purported class action lawsuit seeking to recover on behalf of purchasers of ChoiceDek ® composite decking for damages allegedly caused by mold and mildew stains on their decks. The settlement includes decking material purchased from January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2007, along with decking material purchased after December 31, 2007 that was manufactured before October 1, 2006, the date a mold inhibitor was introduced into the manufacturing process. In 2008, the Company accrued an estimated $2.9 million for resolving claims. In the third quarter of 2009, the Company increased its estimate of costs to be incurred in resolving claims under the settlement by $5.1 million. The estimate was revised due to events that occurred and information that became available after the second quarter of 2009 concerning primarily the number of claims received. The deadline for submitting new claims has now passed. The claim resolution process has an annual net cost limitation to the Company of $2.0 million until the claim resolution process is completed. At December 31, 2013, the Company had a total remaining balance in accrued expenses of $0.1 million associated with the settlement of the class action lawsuit. At December 31, 2014, all remaining claims associated with the accrual have been paid. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6449706&loc=d3e16207-108621 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25287-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 53 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Operations (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Net sales $ 75,999 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet $ 68,779 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Cost of goods sold 60,896 us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold 56,976 us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold Gross margin 15,103 us-gaap_GrossProfit 11,803 us-gaap_GrossProfit Selling and administrative costs 11,964 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 11,535 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Gain from asset disposition (69) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment (9) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Operating income 3,208 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss 277 us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Other income and expenses: Income from insurance proceeds 345 us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery 2,500 us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery Other income 12 us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense 80 us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense Net interest expense (3,154) us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet (2,920) us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet Net income (loss) 411 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments (63) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Dividends on preferred stock (1,487) us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments (1,401) us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted $ (1,464) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted Loss per share of common stock (basic and diluted) (in Dollars per share) $ (0.01) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted $ (0.02) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) (in Shares) 89,631,162 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted 89,631,162 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted X - Definition Total costs related to goods produced and sold during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements. Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business, plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event, such as a natural catastrophe, explosion or fire. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6365675&loc=d3e16285-107787 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount of nonoperating interest income (expense). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Net Income or Loss Available to Common Stockholders plus adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted, options or warrants were exercised, or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount of other income and expense amounts, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends, (b) interest on securities, (c) net gains or losses on securities, (d) unusual costs, (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions, and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate value of preferred stock dividends and other adjustments necessary to derive net income apportioned to common stockholders. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34747878&loc=d3e3636-108311 + Details Name: us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 54 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 6 - Equity 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Note 6: Equity Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company issued 20,524.149 shares of newly authorized Series E Preferred Stock to H.I.G. at the Closing. The Series E Preferred Stock was authorized by the filing of a Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company filed on March 17, 2011 with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Series E Designation). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company’s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Shares of the Series E Preferred Stock and all accrued dividends thereon are convertible at any time at the holder’s election into shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) at a conversion price of $0.075 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The Series E Preferred Stock ranks senior to all other equity securities of the Company. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock have the right to vote their ownership interests in the Series E Preferred Stock on an as-converted basis. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock also have the right to elect four of the Company’s seven directors while they hold outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock representing at least 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis. If the outstanding shareholding of Series E Preferred Stock at any time represents less than 20% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on an as-converted basis, the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock will have the right to elect one of the Company’s seven directors. The Series E Designation contains customary protective voting provisions and other rights customarily granted to holders of preferred equity securities. The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable except under certain conditions which may be out of the control of the Company. An event of default under the Series A and B Term notes, for example, the failure to meet specified financial covenants, may trigger a redemption right to the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred stockholders. As a result, the carrying value of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is reported in temporary equity. On January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC, the holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, waived the Specified Events of Default as a result of AERT failing to have achieved a Leverage Ratio of below 3.1 to 1.0 for the four Fiscal Quarters ending December 31, 2014 and having failed to achieve the minimum consolidated EBITDA of $9.5 million. In addition, on January 13, 2015, H.I.G. AERT LLC waived its right to deliver a Triggering Event Redemption Notice on the Series E stock solely as a result of the Specified Events of Default. The initial conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is fixed and will remain the conversion price subject to the anti-dilution adjustments described below. The conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock is subject to customary weighted-average anti-dilution adjustments, which will be made (subject to certain exceptions) in the event that AERT: · issues or sells common stock for consideration per share less than a price equal to the current market price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale; · pays dividends or other distributions on the common stock in shares of common stock; · subdivides, splits or combines the shares of common stock; · subject to certain exceptions and limitations, issues options, rights or warrants entitling the holders to purchase common stock at less than the then-current market price (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series E Preferred Stock); · issues or sells any securities that are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock and the lowest price per share for which one share of common stock is issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof is less than the then-current market price; · makes changes to the terms of outstanding options, warrants, or convertible securities (including those that were outstanding as of March 18, 2011, the original issue date of the Series E Preferred Stock) and that would result in a dilutive effect on the Series E Preferred Stock; in general, in such event the adjustment shall be calculated as if the changed terms had been in effect from the initial issuance of such securities and such securities issued before March 18, 2011 shall be treated as if newly issued as of the date of such change; provided that no adjustment will be made in such case if such adjustment would result in an increase in the conversion price then in effect; and · takes any action that would result in dilution of the Series E Preferred Stock but is not specifically provided for in the Series E Preferred Stock certificate of designations (including granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), in which case the Company’s Board of Directors shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the conversion price so as to protect the rights of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock, subject to certain qualifications. Common Stock The Class A common stock and the Class B common stock are substantially similar in all respects except that the Class B common stock has five votes per share while the Class A common stock has one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the holder’s option to one share of Class A common stock and, except in certain instances, is automatically converted into one share of Class A common stock upon any sale or transfer. The holders of Class B common stock elected to convert all their outstanding shares to Class A common stock during 2014. X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 55 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Note 5: Long-Term Debt Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Long-term debt, less current maturities consisted of the following at December 31: 3% note payable to the Oklahoma Department of Commerce; secured by assets purchased / constructed with the loan proceeds; matures April 1, 2027 $ 2,552 $ 2,722 H.I.G. Series A Note (a) 13,497 12,469 H.I.G. Series B Note (b) 16,574 15,015 AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan bearing interest at 5.5%; secured by a continuing security interest in and lien upon all personal proerty, including all goods, inventory, equipment, all instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, intellectural property, deposit accounts, and investment property, matures November 15, 2015. 4,917 5,917 Other 170 58 Total 37,710 36,181 Less Current Maturities (5,240 ) (1,209 ) Long-term debt, less current maturities $ 32,470 $ 34,972 ______________________________ (a) Cash interest of 4% plus 4% PIK interest added quarterly to principal. Additions occur after quarter-end. To date all cash interest on H.I.G. Series A Note has been added to principal. (b) Cash interest of 4% plus 6% PIK interest added quarterly to principal. Additions occur after quarter-end. To date, all cash interest on H.I.G. Series B Note has been added to principal. The aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2014 were as follows: (in thousands) Year Amount 2015 5,240 2016 199 2017 30,260 2018 192 2019 197 Thereafter 1,622 37,710 Oklahoma Energy Program Loan On July 14, 2010, we entered into a loan agreement with the Oklahoma Department of Commerce (ODOC) whereby ODOC agreed to a 15-year, $3.0 million loan to AERT at a fixed interest rate of 3.0%. The loan was made pursuant to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act State Energy Program for the State of Oklahoma, and funded the second phase of AERT’s new recycling facility in Watts, Oklahoma. Payments on the loan began May 1, 2012. The balance on the loan at December 31, 2014 was $2.6 million. ODOC, under award number 14215 SSEP09, advanced $3.0 million to AERT throughout 2010, 2011 and 2012. As of December 31, 2012, a total of $3.0 million was spent on contract labor, contract materials, and equipment. In addition, as of December 31, 2012, matching funds of $9.2 million were contributed (in-kind) to the project by AERT. AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan The Term Loan requires that AloStar hold first security interest to the majority of AERT’s plant, property, and equipment; as well as, real estate. Payments on the principal portion of the loan commenced on December 1, 2012 and will be made in 36 equal monthly installments of $0.08 million plus interest. The final installment $4.1 million shall be due and payable on the commitment termination date. Interest is calculated at 4.5% plus the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR Rate as shown in the Wall Street Journal on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in amounts approximately equal to the principal amount of the Loan for which such rate is being determined or, if such day is not a Business Day on the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest accrued on the principal balance of the Term Loan shall be due and payable on the first day of each month, computed through the last day of the preceding month. Interest, expressed in simple interest terms as of December 31, 2014, is 5.5%. The Term Loan contains certain covenants, including restrictions on: (1) fundamental changes in ownership, (2) conduct of business, (3) declaration of distributions, (4) amendments or modifications to existing agreements, (5) property acquisitions, (6) affiliated party transactions, and (7) hedging agreements. Recapitalization Agreement - H.I.G. Long Term Debt In connection with the recapitalization, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with H.I.G. (the Exchange Agreement), and a Credit Agreement with H.I.G. (the Credit Agreement), each dated March 18, 2011. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and the Credit Agreement, in exchange for the Company’s debt: · $6,806,656 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Allstate Promissory Note, dated July 1, 2009, issued by the Company; · $13,281,084 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds issued in 2007; · $10,436,409 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the City of Springdale Arkansas, Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds issued in 2008; · $2,096,667 of principal plus accrued interest owed under the Secured Promissory Note (2010 Note) issued on December 20, 2010; · and H.I.G. making approximately $6.9 million in additional new capital available to the Company, H.I.G. was issued: · a Series A Term Note (Series A Note) in the aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000, · a Series B Senior Term Note (Series B Note, and collectively with the Series A Note, the Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $9,000,000 (or such lesser amount as is actually borrowed thereunder), · and 20,524.149 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Series E Preferred Stock). As a result, upon consummation of the transactions (including the Series D Exchange Agreement described hereunder), H.I.G. held $17,596,667 outstanding principal of senior secured debt of the Company and owned approximately 80% of the outstanding common equity securities of the Company on a fully diluted, as converted basis. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, until such time as H.I.G. no longer owns at least 20% of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis, H.I.G. has the right to purchase securities in any subsequent issuance or sale of securities by the Company in an amount equal to the greater of (i) H.I.G.’s ownership percentage as of the business day prior to its receipt of notice of the proposed issuance or sale by the Company or (ii) 51%. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company issued to H.I.G. the Notes, which are secured by a grant of a security interest in all of the Company’s assets in accordance with the terms of a Security Agreement, Patent Security Agreement, Copyright Security Agreement and Trademark Security Agreement, each dated March 18, 2011. The Series A Note matures six years after the closing of the Transactions (the Closing) and, at the Company’s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 8.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal to 4.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series A Note (with the latter option only being available for the first 24 months following the Closing, after which the Series A Note will bear cash interest at 8.0% per annum). This option was extended through 2014. Upon the Closing, H.I.G. converted the $2,000,000 principal amount of the 2010 Note and accrued interest thereon into borrowings under the Series B Note. In addition, an additional $5.5 million was funded and drawn under the Series B Note at Closing. On October 20, 2011, AERT and H.I.G. amended this Credit Agreement to provide the Company with an additional $3.0 million to be drawn, as needed. The Company drew down $1.0 million on May 23, 2011, $2.0 million on October 21, 2011, and $1.0 million on November 18, 2011 to help fund operations. The Series B Note matures six years after the Closing and, at the Company’s option, either (i) bears cash interest at 10.0% per annum or (ii) bears cash interest at 4.0% per annum, plus a rate of interest equal 6.0% per annum payable in kind and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Series B Term Note. This option was extended through 2014. The Series B Note ranks pari passu to the Series A Note. As of December 31, 2014, AERT did not comply with the leverage ratio covenant required by the Series A and B Term Notes. The debt covenant has been waived by H.I.G. per the Waiver of Specified Events of Default as of January 13, 2015. Payment of cash interest was waived until January 1, 2015. The Credit Agreement contains provisions requiring mandatory payments upon the Notes equal to 50% of the Company’s “Excess Cash Flow” (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and equal to 100% of proceeds from most non-ordinary course asset dispositions, additional debt issuances or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees), and contains covenant restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, liens, leases or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees). X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 56 R23.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block] Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 (in thousands) Long-term debt, less current maturities consisted of the following at December 31: 3% note payable to the Oklahoma Department of Commerce; secured by assets purchased / constructed with the loan proceeds; matures April 1, 2027 $ 2,552 $ 2,722 H.I.G. Series A Note (a) 13,497 12,469 H.I.G. Series B Note (b) 16,574 15,015 AloStar Bank of Commerce Term Loan bearing interest at 5.5%; secured by a continuing security interest in and lien upon all personal proerty, including all goods, inventory, equipment, all instruments, chattel paper, documents, general intangibles, intellectural property, deposit accounts, and investment property, matures November 15, 2015. 4,917 5,917 Other 170 58 Total 37,710 36,181 Less Current Maturities (5,240 ) (1,209 ) Long-term debt, less current maturities $ 32,470 $ 34,972 Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block] (in thousands) Year Amount 2015 5,240 2016 199 2017 30,260 2018 192 2019 197 Thereafter 1,622 37,710 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21521-112644 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21538-112644 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 57 R19.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 13 - 401(k) Plan 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Compensation and Retirement Disclosure [Abstract] Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block] Note 13: 401(k) Plan The Company sponsors the A.E.R.T. 401(k) Plan (the Plan) for the benefit of all eligible employees. The Plan provides that the Company may elect to make discretionary-matching contributions equal to a percentage of each participant’s voluntary contribution. The Company may also elect to make a profit sharing contribution to the Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a discretionary match of 25% of the first 4% of salary voluntarily contributed, which was $43 thousand. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 70 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414718&loc=d3e28014-114942 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35743120&loc=d3e2410-114920 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 80 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742057&loc=SL14450702-114947 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414199&loc=d3e39622-114963 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 715 -SubTopic 60 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39675-114964 + Details Name: us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 58 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 9 - Leases 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Leases [Abstract] Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block] Note 9: Leases At December 31, 2014, the Company was obligated under various operating leases covering certain buildings and equipment that expire between 2014 and 2019. Operating lease expense was $2.8 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. These amounts for rent expense are considerably higher than the future minimum lease payments each year shown in the table below due to many of our operating equipment leases having durations of less than one year. Future minimum lease payments required under operating leases as of December 31, 2014, are as follows (in thousands): Year Operating Leases 2015 $ 858 2016 470 2017 50 2018 26 2019 4 Total minimum payments required $ 1,408 X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including, but not limited to, all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined, (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6851643&loc=d3e12069-110248 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6452660&loc=d3e36991-112694 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41499-112717 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 1,3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 59 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 7 - Stock Option Plans 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract] Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Text Block] Note 7: Stock Option Plans Additional stock options are not issuable under the Company’s stock option plans, as the plans and any outstanding options have expired. 2014 2013 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Aggregate Intrinsic Value at December 31, 2014 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding, beginning of year - $ - $ - 350,000 $ 1.17 Granted - - - - - Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - - - (350,000 ) 1.17 Outstanding, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - Exercisable, end of year - $ - $ - - $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of equity compensation, incentive distributions, equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6418621&loc=d3e17540-113929 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5444-113901 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 14 + Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 60 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Disclosure Text Block Supplement [Abstract] Shareholders' Equity and Share-based Payments [Text Block] Note 8: Equity Incentive Plan The Company’s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) is an equity-based incentive compensation plan that is used to distribute Awards to qualified employees, thereby fulfilling the following objectives of the Company: 1. To enhance the Company’s ability to attract highly qualified personnel 2. To strengthen the Company’s retention capabilities 3. To enhance the long-term performance and competitiveness of the Company 4. To align the interest of Plan participants with those of the Company’s shareholders. The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on March 3, 2012 and by the Shareholders at the 2012 Shareholders’ Meeting held in Springdale, Arkansas on June 27, 2012. Administration The 2012 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee (Committee) of the Board of Directors, and thereafter by such committee as the board may from time to time designate, or by the board itself, if it shall so designate. Except when the entire board is acting as the 2012 Plan Administrator, the Committee administering the 2012 Plan shall consist solely of two or more persons all of whom are both “non-employee directors” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plan Basics A total of 40,000,000 shares are available for issuance under the Plan. The shares deliverable pursuant to Awards shall be authorized but unissued shares, or shares that the Company otherwise holds in treasury or trust. Participants are solely responsible for taxes due on Awards. Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. In the event of a change of control, shares will be equitably adjusted. Awards will be assumed by the successor company; the Awards Committee may accelerate vesting, arrange for cash payment, terminate all or some Awards, or make other modifications. Pursuant to the Awards Agreement, the Company may terminate, rescind, or recapture any outstanding, unexercised, unexpired, unpaid, or deferred Awards. The Company may require that any Participant reimburse the Company for all or any portion of the Awards granted under this Plan. No Participant shall have any rights as a shareholder of the Company until the date of issuance of a share certificate. The Plan will be valid for a period of 10 years. The Committee will have the power and authority to select and grant to participants the following types of Awards: 1. Options give the Participant the right to purchase Company stock at a given price over an extended period of time. Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) are within the definition of IRS §422. In the case of an ISO granted to a Participant who is a 10% shareholder on the grant date, the exercise price shall be at least 110% of the fair market value. 2. Share Appreciation Rights (SARs) provide the Participant with a cash (or shares) payment based on the increase in the value of a stated number of shares over a specific period of time. A participant may wish to use an IRS §83(b) election, which will allow the Participant to recognize the value of the SARs as income upon the purchase of the stock. 3. Restricted Shares and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) are shares of stock for which a Participant is eligible after certain restrictions are fulfilled. Restrictions are pursuant to the Awards Agreement. The Participant shall receive unrestricted shares (or cash) in settlement of the Award. Restricted Shares, RSUs and Unrestricted Shares are not inconsistent with the Plan. If the shares are purchased and forfeited for any reason, the purchase price is refunded to the Participant and the shares of stock remain with the Company. 4. Deferred Stock Units (DSUs) are permitted within the Plan guidelines. The Committee may permit select eligible persons who are Directors or members of a select group of management or highly compensated employees (within the meaning of ERISA) to irrevocably elect to forego the receipt of cash or other compensation in lieu thereof to have the Company credit to an internal Plan account the number of DSUs deferred. DSUs are 100% vested at all times. 5. Performance and cash-settled Awards are based on achievement of performance measures for a performance period in relation to a performance formula. The maximum Award will be 10,000,000 shares or $1.0 million. The Committee may defer the Award. 6. Dividend Equivalent Rights give the Participant the right to receive a payment, in shares or in cash that is equivalent to the value of dividends declared on shares as of all dividend payment dates. The Award is paid on the record date of dividends and is pursuant to the Awards Agreement. As of December 31, 2014, no awards have been made. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for accounts comprising shareholders' equity, comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income, and compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation. Includes, but is not limited to, disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, and employee stock purchase plan details. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 61 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 10 - Income Taxes 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Note 10: Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company had no income tax provision for State and Federal income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The income tax provisions for 2014 and 2013 differ from the amounts computed by applying the US federal statutory rate of 34% to income as a result of the following (in thousands): 2014 2013 Amount Percent Amount Percent Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate $ 140 34.0 $ (21 ) 34.0 Permanent differences 11 (93.0 ) 58 (93.0 ) Change in valuation allowance (151 ) 59.0 (37 ) 59.0 $ - 0.0 $ - 0.0 The tax effects of significant temporary differences representing deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 2014 2013 Current Long-Term Current Long-Term Deferred tax assets — Net operating loss carryforwards $ - $ 9,889 $ - $ 8,786 Accrued expenses 799 48 811 - Valuation allowance (655 ) (8,904 ) (1,078 ) (8,738 ) Other 300 - 471 48 Total deferred tax assets 444 1,033 204 96 Deferred tax liability — Depreciation - 855 - 96 Prepaid expenses 444 - 204 - Other - 178 - - Total deferred tax liabilities 444 1,033 204 96 Net deferred tax $ - $ - $ - $ - As of December 31, 2014, the Company had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal income tax purposes, which are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the NOL carryforwards will expire between 2017 and 2031. In March 2011, H.I.G. AERT, LLC acquired a controlling interest in the Company, which resulted in a significant restriction on the utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards. It is estimated that the utilization of future NOL carryforwards will be limited (per IRC 382) to approximately $0.8 million per year for the next 17 years. The impact of this limitation is approximately $27.3 million in NOL’s, which will expire before the Company can use them. The estimated annual effective income tax rate for 2014 is 0% due to the use of net operating loss carryforwards. As there is insufficient evidence that the Company will be able to generate adequate future taxable income to enable it to realize its net operating loss carryforwards prior to expiration, the Company maintains a valuation allowance to recognize its deferred tax assets only to the extent of its deferred tax liabilities. Based upon a review of its income tax filing positions, the Company believes that its positions would be sustained upon an audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company recognizes interest related to income taxes as interest expense and recognizes penalties as operating expense. The Company is subject to routine audits by various taxing jurisdictions. The examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the Service) of the Company’s 2010 federal tax return yielded changes that did not affect the tax that was reported on the return; therefore, the Service has accepted the return. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2011, except in the States of California, Colorado and Texas, for which the 2010 tax year is still subject to examination. X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 62 R34.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Net loss applicable to common stock (in Dollars) $ (1,076) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic $ (1,464) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Preferred stock dividend (in Dollars) 1,487 us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock 1,401 us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Net income (loss) before dividends (in Dollars) $ 411 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ (63) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Weighted average number of shares (in Shares) 421,773,108 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic 402,570,060 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic Common Stock [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Distributed earnings per share $ 0.00 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicDistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 0.00 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicDistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Earned, unpaid dividends per share $ (0.01) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ (0.02) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Undistributed losses per share $ (0.01) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ (0.02) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Weighted average number of shares (in Shares) 89,631,162 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 89,631,162 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Preferred Stock [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Distributed earnings per share $ 0.00 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicDistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember $ 0.00 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicDistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Preferred $ 72.45 us-gaap_PreferredStockPerShareAmountsOfPreferredDividendsInArrears / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember $ 68.26 us-gaap_PreferredStockPerShareAmountsOfPreferredDividendsInArrears / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Earned, unpaid dividends per share $ 72.45 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember $ 68.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Undistributed losses per share $ 72.45 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember $ 68.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Weighted average number of shares (in Shares) 20,524 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember 20,524 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Participating Preferred Shares [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share [Line Items] Weighted average number of shares (in Shares) 332,141,946 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_ParticipatingPreferredSharesMember 312,938,898 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = aert_ParticipatingPreferredSharesMember X - Details Name: aert_Note2SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash, stock and payment-in-kind (PIK). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 405 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Dividends declared in the period and the contractual amount of dividends (or interest on participating income bonds) that must be paid per security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=SL5780133-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=SL5780132-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2740-109256 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 66 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2814-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicDistributed Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The earnings attributable to each security on the basis that all of the earnings for the period had been distributed (to the extent that each security may share in earnings). This is the earnings amount which reflects the participation rights in undistributed earnings of each security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=SL5780133-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=SL5780132-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 60 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2740-109256 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 66 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2814-109256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 65 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2793-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicUndistributed Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Net income after adjustments for dividends on preferred stock (declared in the period) and/or cumulative preferred stock (accumulated for the period). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Per share amount of cumulative preferred dividends in arrears. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockPerShareAmountsOfPreferredDividendsInArrears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the weighted average total number of shares issued throughout the period including the first (beginning balance outstanding) and last (ending balance outstanding) day of the period before considering any reductions (for instance, shares held in treasury) to arrive at the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Weighted average relates to the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares have been issued and outstanding to the total time in that period. Such concept is used in determining the weighted average number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share (basic). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e2646-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1448-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesIssuedBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=aert_ParticipatingPreferredSharesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 63 R51.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details) (USD $) In Millions, unless otherwise specified 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Sep. 30, 2009 Dec. 31, 2008 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Purchase Commitment, Annual Amount Purchased $ 1.0 aert_PurchaseCommitmentAnnualAmountPurchased $ 1.0 aert_PurchaseCommitmentAnnualAmountPurchased Loss Contingency, Estimate of Possible Loss 5.1 us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss 2.9 us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss Loss Contingency, Range of Possible Loss, Maximum 2.0 us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum Loss Contingency Accrual $ 0.1 us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue X - Definition Represents the amount purchased from a purchase commitment on an annual basis. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_PurchaseCommitmentAnnualAmountPurchased Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of loss contingency liability. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14326-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Reflects the estimated amount of loss from the specified contingency as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14557-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The estimated maximum amount of possible loss from the contingency. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14557-108349 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossContingencyRangeOfPossibleLossMaximum Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant XML 64 R21.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Accounting Policies, by Policy (Policies) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Accounting Policies [Abstract] Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block] The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time product is shipped or when segregated and billed under a bill and hold agreement. Sales are recorded net of discounts, rebates, and returns, which were $3.9 million and $3.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Estimates of expected sales discounts are calculated by applying the appropriate sales discount rate to all unpaid invoices that are eligible for the discount. The Company’s sales prices are determinable given that the Company’s sales discount rates are fixed and given the predictability with which customers take sales discounts. Revenue Recognition, Sales Returns [Policy Text Block] Revenue adjustment estimates are based on the original sales price of the product expected to be returned, transportation to AERT’s facility in Springdale, Arkansas, labor and repackaging materials, and costs to dispose of unsalable product. The accrual is reduced by the per pound cost of any unsalable product that can be re-used in the manufacturing process. Replacement deck boards are accounted for as a sale in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. Shipping and Handling Cost, Policy [Policy Text Block] The Company records shipping fees billed to customers in net sales and records the related expenses in cost of goods sold. Cost of Sales, Policy [Policy Text Block] The cost of goods sold line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with the manufacture of our products, such as labor, depreciation, repairs and maintenance, utilities, leases, and raw materials, including the costs of raw material delivery, warehousing and other distribution related costs. The selling and administrative costs line item in the Company’s statements of operations includes costs associated with sales, marketing, and support activities like accounting and information technology. The types of costs incurred in those areas include labor, advertising, travel, commissions, outside professional services, leases, and depreciation. Statement of Cash Flows [Policy Text Block] In order to determine net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net loss has been adjusted by, among other things, changes in current assets and current liabilities, excluding changes in cash, current maturities of long-term debt and current notes payable. Those changes, shown as an (increase) decrease in current assets and an increase (decrease) in current liabilities, are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Receivables - trade and related party $ (1,299 ) $ 599 Inventories (1,166 ) (3,682 ) Prepaid expenses (612 ) 763 Accounts payable - trade and related parties 581 (689 ) Accrued liabilities $ (131 ) $ (1,689 ) $ (2,627 ) $ (4,698 ) Cash paid for interest $ 567 $ 558 Cash paid for income taxes - - Supplemental Disclosures of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities (in thousands) : Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Notes payable for financing insurance policies $ 994 $ 727 Buildings and Equipment Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings — 15 to 30 years, leasehold improvements — 2 to 6 years, and machinery and equipment — 3 to 10 years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives. Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 2014 2013 Parts and supplies $ - $ 385 Raw materials 5,083 4,715 Work in progress 1,827 2,337 Finished goods 7,406 5,713 $ 14,316 $ 13,150 Other Assets Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. As of December 31, the Company had the following amounts related to debt issuance costs (in thousands): 2014 2013 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Debt issuance costs $ 1,487 $ 1,004 $ 1,487 $ 634 The following table represents the total estimated future amortization of debt issuance costs (in thousands): Estimated Amortization 2015 $ 330 2016 $ 125 2017 $ 28 Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer’s remittance advice. Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management’s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block] Buildings and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful life of each asset using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives are: buildings — 15 to 30 years, leasehold improvements — 2 to 6 years, and machinery and equipment — 3 to 10 years. Depreciation expense recognized by the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively. Assets under capital leases are reported in buildings and equipment and office equipment and amortized over the shorter of the primary lease term or estimated future lives. Gains or losses on sales or other dispositions of property are credited or charged to income in the period incurred. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to income in the period incurred, unless it is determined that the useful life of the respective asset has been extended. Interest costs incurred during periods of construction of facilities are capitalized as part of the project cost. There was no capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. The Company assesses the recoverability of its investment in long-lived assets to be held and used in operations whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Such assessment requires that the future cash flows associated with the long-lived assets be estimated over their remaining useful lives. An impairment loss may be required when the future cash flows are less than the carrying value of such assets. Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block] Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Material, labor, and factory overhead necessary to produce the inventories are included in cost. Debt, Policy [Policy Text Block] Debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the related debt. Receivables, Policy [Policy Text Block] Accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms generally requiring payment within thirty days from the invoice date. Trade accounts are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. Payments of accounts receivable are allocated to the specific invoices identified on the customer’s remittance advice. Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amounts less an estimated reserve provided for returns and discounts based on a review of historical rates of returns and expected discounts. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced, if needed, by a valuation allowance that reflects management’s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected. Management individually reviews all overdue accounts receivable balances and, based on an assessment of current creditworthiness, estimates the portion, if any, of the balance that will not be collected. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to an allowance account based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to trade accounts receivable. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. The table below presents a roll forward of our allowance for sales returns and bad debts for 2014 and 2013 (in thousands). Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Charged to Other Accounts Deductions 1 Balance at End of Year 2014 $ 43 484 - 479 $ 48 2013 $ 47 396 - 400 $ 43 1 Charges to the accounts are for the purposes for which the reserve was created. Warranty Estimates The Company offers a limited warranty on its products. Estimates of expected warranty claims are recorded as liabilities and charged to income in the period revenue is recognized. Amounts accrued for warranty claims totaled $0.7 million at December 31, 2014 and $0.6 million at December 31, 2013. Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] The Company utilizes the two-class method for computing and presenting earnings per share. The Company currently has two classes of common stock (the Common Stock) and one class of cumulative participating preferred stock, Series E (the Preferred Stock). Pursuant to the Series E Designation, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to receive per share dividends equal to 6% per annum of the stated value of $1,000 per share of Series E Preferred Stock when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. In addition, holders of the Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any dividends declared on shares of the Company’s Common Stock on an as-converted basis. Therefore, the Preferred Stock is considered a participating security requiring the two-class method for the computation and presentation of net income per share – basic. The two-class computation method for each period segregates basic earnings per common and participating share into two categories: distributed earnings per share (i.e., the Preferred Stock stated dividend) and undistributed earnings per share, which allocates earnings after subtracting the Preferred Stock dividend to the total of weighted average common shares outstanding plus equivalent converted common shares related to the Preferred Stock. Basic earnings per common and participating share exclude the effect of Common Stock equivalents, and are computed using the two-class computation method. In computing diluted EPS, only potential common shares that are dilutive—those that reduce earnings per share or increase loss per share—are included. The exercise of options or conversion of convertible securities is not assumed if the result would be antidilutive, such as when a loss from continuing operations is reported. As a result, if there is a loss from continuing operations, diluted EPS would be computed in the same manner as basic EPS is computed, even if an entity has net income after adjusting for discontinued operations, an extraordinary item or the cumulative effect of an accounting change. The Company incurred losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Therefore, basic EPS and diluted EPS were computed in the same manner. The following table presents the two-class method for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in thousands, except share and per share data) Year ended December 31 2014 2013 Net loss applicable to common stock $ (1,076 ) $ (1,464 ) Preferred stock dividend 1,487 1,401 Net income (loss) before dividends $ 411 $ (63 ) Per share information: Basic earnings per common and participating share: Distributed earnings per share: Common $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Preferred $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Earned, unpaid dividends per share: Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Undistributed losses per share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred - - Total basic earnings (losses) per common and participating share: Common $ (0.01 ) $ (0.02 ) Preferred $ 72.45 $ 68.26 Basic weighted average common shares: Common weighted average number of shares 89,631,162 89,631,162 Participating preferred shares - if converted 332,141,946 312,938,898 Total weighted average number of shares 421,773,108 402,570,060 Total weighted average number of preferred shares 20,524 20,524 Although not included in the basic earnings per share calculation under the two-class method due to a period of loss, the Company had participating securities outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The following schedule presents these securities for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 2014 2013 Series E preferred stock 342,930,966 323,104,117 Although these financial instruments were not included due to a period of loss for the year ended December 31, 2014, such financial instruments would need to be included with future calculations of basic EPS under the two-class method in periods of income. Major Customers, Policy [Policy Text Block] The Company’s revenues are derived principally from national and regional building products distributors. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers. The Company’s concentration in the building materials industry has the potential to impact its exposure to credit risk because changes in economic or other conditions in the construction industry may similarly affect the Company’s customers. The Company has significant customer concentration, with one customer representing approximately 50% and another representing 14% of our accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, as compared to one customer who represented approximately 80% at December 31, 2013. We commenced selling direct to Lowe’s at the end of 2014. Major Customers For the year ended December 31, 2014, BlueLinx represented approximately 50% of the Company’s revenue compared to 60% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Our next leading customer accounted for 10% of the Company’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 9% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] The Company maintains bank accounts which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000. At times, cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. The Company believes no significant concentrations of risk exist with respect to its cash. Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block] The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt has been estimated by the Company based upon each obligation’s characteristics, including remaining maturities, interest rate, credit rating, and collateral and amortization schedule. The carrying amount approximates fair value. Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Advertising Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block] Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expense was $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block] Expenditures for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $0.6 million and $0.4 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our financial statements and have not yet determined the method with which we will adopt the standard in 2017. X - Definition The significant accounting policy concerning the statement of cash flows. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_StatementOfCashFlowsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized, discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized, describes those assets and the accounting policy used, including a description of the qualifying activity, the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32704220&loc=d3e8275-108329 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387522&loc=d3e8384-108330 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6375392&loc=d3e26790-107797 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred, provisions associated with inventories, purchase discounts, freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 50 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408645&loc=d3e63676-111659 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to obtain or issue debt, the effects of refinancings, method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount, and classifications of debt on the balance sheet. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13279-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 60 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories, bases of stating inventories (for example, lower of cost or market), methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example, FIFO, LIFO, or average cost), loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost, this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360613&loc=d3e4492-108314 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360613&loc=d3e4556-108314 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 206 -Paragraph b -Subparagraph i, ii -Chapter 2 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for major customers. Major customers are those that the loss of such customers would have a material adverse effect on the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6327-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable, and finance, loan and lease receivables, including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs, including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables, including those that are impaired, past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6378556&loc=d3e10133-111534 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3-5 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e4975-111524 + Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Research and Development -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for sales returns. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 15 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406750&loc=d3e47468-111626 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionSalesReturns Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs, including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales, disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408196&loc=d3e61069-111654 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Handling Costs -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6514758 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=21915142&loc=d3e60635-111653 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 45 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408413&loc=d3e221937-122793 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Shipping Costs -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6525344 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 65 R26.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 10 - Income Taxes (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Amount Percent Amount Percent Income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate $ 140 34.0 $ (21 ) 34.0 Permanent differences 11 (93.0 ) 58 (93.0 ) Change in valuation allowance (151 ) 59.0 (37 ) 59.0 $ - 0.0 $ - 0.0 Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] 2014 2013 Current Long-Term Current Long-Term Deferred tax assets — Net operating loss carryforwards $ - $ 9,889 $ - $ 8,786 Accrued expenses 799 48 811 - Valuation allowance (655 ) (8,904 ) (1,078 ) (8,738 ) Other 300 - 471 48 Total deferred tax assets 444 1,033 204 96 Deferred tax liability — Depreciation - 855 - 96 Prepaid expenses 444 - 204 - Other - 178 - - Total deferred tax liabilities 444 1,033 204 96 Net deferred tax $ - $ - $ - $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 66 R49.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Current Deferred Taxes [Member] Deferred tax assets — Accrued expenses $ 799 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember $ 811 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Valuation allowance (655) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember (1,078) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Other 300 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 471 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Total deferred tax assets 444 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 204 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Deferred tax liability — Prepaid expenses 444 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 204 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Total deferred tax liabilities 444 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember 204 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Long Term Deferred Taxes [Member] Deferred tax assets — Net operating loss carryforwards 9,889 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember 8,786 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Accrued expenses 48 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Valuation allowance (8,904) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember (8,738) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Other 48 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Total deferred tax assets 1,033 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember 96 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Deferred tax liability — Depreciation 855 aert_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciation / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember 96 aert_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciation / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Other 178 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Total deferred tax liabilities $ 1,033 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember $ 96 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember X - Details Name: aert_DeferredTaxAssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the deferred tax liabilities depreciation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciation Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: aert_DeferredTaxLiabilityAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Liability -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510232 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph b(2) -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from accrued liabilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax consequences attributable to taxable temporary differences derived from prepaid expenses. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_CurrentDeferredTaxesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_LongTermDeferredTaxesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 67 R41.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt (USD $) In Thousands, unless otherwise specified Dec. 31, 2014 Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt [Abstract] 2015 $ 5,240 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths 2016 199 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo 2017 30,260 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree 2018 192 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour 2019 197 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive Thereafter 1,622 us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInRollingAfterYearFive $ 37,710 us-gaap_LongTermDebt X - Details Name: aert_AggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying amount of long-term debt, net of unamortized discount or premium, including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInRollingAfterYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-04.(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 68 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit (USD $) In Thousands, except Share data Common Class A [Member] Common Stock [Member] Common Class B [Member] Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Total Balance - December 31, 2012 at Dec. 31, 2012 $ 882 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 15 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 53,660 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (79,636) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Balance - December 31, 2012 (in Shares) at Dec. 31, 2012 88,165,632 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 1,465,530 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Net loss applicable to common stock (1,464) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (1,464) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted Balance at Dec. 31, 2013 882 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 15 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 53,660 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (81,100) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (26,543) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Balance - December 31, 2012 (in Shares) at Dec. 31, 2013 88,165,632 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 1,465,530 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Exchange Class B Common for Class A 15 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (15) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Exchange Class B Common for Class A (in Shares) 1,465,530 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (1,465,530) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassBMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Net loss applicable to common stock (1,076) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (1,076) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted Balance at Dec. 31, 2014 $ 897 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 53,660 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (82,176) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember $ (27,619) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Balance (in Shares) at Dec. 31, 2014 89,631,162 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_CommonClassAMember / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember X - Definition Net Income or Loss Available to Common Stockholders plus adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted, options or warrants were exercised, or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 69 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 4 - Line of Credit 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Line Of Credit [Abstract] Line Of Credit [Text Block] Note 4: Line of Credit AERT has a line of credit (Revolver Loan) agreement with AloStar. The $8.0 million Revolver Loan is subject to a reserve of $1.0 million. Interest is assessed at the greater of (a) 1.0% and (b) the LIBOR rate as shown in the Wall Street Journal on such day for United States dollar deposits for the one month delivery of funds in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the Revolver Loan for which such rate is being determined plus 4% at December 31, 2014. If the LIBOR cannot be determined, the interest will be calculated using the prime lending rate plus 2%. The interest rate at December 31, 2014 was 5%. The Revolver Loan is secured by 85% of accounts receivable after a reduction for amounts owed by international customers. The Revolver Loan is also secured by 60% of the eligible inventory or 85% of the net orderly liquidation value of the inventory. The Revolver at AloStar had a $3.6 million balance at December 31, 2014. The proceeds available to draw down on the Revolver loan at December 31, 2014 were $3.4 million. X - Details Name: aert_LineOfCreditAbstract Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_LineOfCreditTextBlock Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 70 R27.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Sep. 30, 2014 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Sales Discounts, Returns and Allowances, Goods $ 3,900,000 us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods $ 3,500,000 us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods Depreciation 3,800,000 us-gaap_Depreciation 4,300,000 us-gaap_Depreciation Interest Costs Capitalized 0 us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized 0 us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized Product Warranty Accrual 0.7 us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrual 0.6 us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrual Preferred Stock, Dividend Rate, Percentage 6.00% us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share) $ 1,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Cash, FDIC Insured Amount 250,000 us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount Advertising Expense 1,100,000 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense 900,000 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense Research and Development Expense $ 600,000 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense $ 400,000 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Building [Member] | Minimum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 15 years Building [Member] | Maximum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 30 years Leasehold Improvements [Member] | Minimum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 2 years Leasehold Improvements [Member] | Maximum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 6 years Machinery and Equipment [Member] | Minimum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 3 years Machinery and Equipment [Member] | Maximum [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life 10 years One Customer [Member] | Sales Revenue, Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage 50.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_OneCustomerMember Second Customer [Member] | Sales Revenue, Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage 14.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_SecondCustomerMember BlueLinx [Member] | Sales Revenue, Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage 50.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_BlueLinxMember 60.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = aert_BlueLinxMember Sales Revenue, Net [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage 10.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember 9.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember Accounts Receivable [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member] Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) [Line Items] Concentration Risk, Percentage 80.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember X - Details Name: aert_Note2SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 720 -SubTopic 35 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash deposited in financial institutions as of the balance sheet date that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the "benchmark" (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13531-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_Depreciation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of interest capitalized during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Allowance for Funds Used during Construction -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6504829 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage rate used to calculate dividend payments on preferred stock. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for estimated claims under standard and extended warranty protection rights granted to customers. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 5 -Article 9 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -Subparagraph ((c)(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProductWarrantyAccrual Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate of: (i) sales discounts given by the entity, including, but not limited to, early payments of accounts due, (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions), and (iii) price reductions (allowance, price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts, returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 50 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6408645&loc=d3e63676-111659 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 15 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406750&loc=d3e47468-111626 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=aert_BlueLinxMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=aert_OneCustomerMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=aert_SecondCustomerMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 71 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 2.4.1.9 Html 123 258 1 true 67 0 false 4 false false R1.htm 000 - Disclosure - Document And Entity Information Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation Document And Entity Information true false R2.htm 001 - Statement - Balance Sheets Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheet Balance Sheets false false R3.htm 002 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parentheticals) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheet_Parentheticals Balance Sheets (Parentheticals) false false R4.htm 003 - Statement - Statements of Operations Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ConsolidatedIncomeStatement Statements of Operations false false R5.htm 004 - Statement - Statements of Stockholdersâ Deficit Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ShareholdersEquityType2or3 Statements of Stockholdersâ Deficit false false R6.htm 005 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ConsolidatedCashFlow Statements of Cash Flows false false R7.htm 006 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Description of the Company Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note1DescriptionoftheCompany Note 1 - Description of the Company false false R8.htm 007 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note2SignificantAccountingPolicies Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies false false R9.htm 008 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Related Party Transactions Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note3RelatedPartyTransactions Note 3 - Related Party Transactions false false R10.htm 009 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Line of Credit Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note4LineofCredit Note 4 - Line of Credit false false R11.htm 010 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note5LongtermDebt Note 5 - Long-term Debt false false R12.htm 011 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Equity Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note6Equity Note 6 - Equity false false R13.htm 012 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note7StockOptionPlans Note 7 - Stock Option Plans false false R14.htm 013 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note8EquityIncentivePlans Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans false false R15.htm 014 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note9Leases Note 9 - Leases false false R16.htm 015 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note10IncomeTaxes Note 10 - Income Taxes false false R17.htm 016 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Business Interruption Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note11BusinessInterruption Note 11 - Business Interruption false false R18.htm 017 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note12CommitmentsandContingencies Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies false false R19.htm 018 - Disclosure - Note 13 - 401(k) Plan Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note13401kPlan Note 13 - 401(k) Plan false false R20.htm 019 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Subsequent Events Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note14SubsequentEvents Note 14 - Subsequent Events false false R21.htm 020 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies, by Policy (Policies) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/AccountingPoliciesByPolicy Accounting Policies, by Policy (Policies) false false R22.htm 021 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note2SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) false false R23.htm 022 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Tables) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note5LongtermDebtTables Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Tables) false false R24.htm 023 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Tables) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note7StockOptionPlansTables Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Tables) false false R25.htm 024 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Tables) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note9LeasesTables Note 9 - Leases (Tables) false false R26.htm 025 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Tables) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note10IncomeTaxesTables Note 10 - Income Taxes (Tables) false false R27.htm 026 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note2SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) false false R28.htm 027 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/StatementofCashFlowsChangesinOperatingCapitalDetailTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Statement of Cash Flows Changes in Operating Capital Detail false false R29.htm 028 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/NoncashInvestingandFinancingActivitiesTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities false false R30.htm 029 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Components of Inventory Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/ComponentsofInventoryTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Components of Inventory false false R31.htm 030 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Finite-Lived Intangible Assets false false R32.htm 031 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Estimated Amortization Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/EstimatedAmortizationTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Estimated Amortization false false R33.htm 032 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/RollforwardofOurAllowanceforSalesReturnsandBadDebtsTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Rollforward of Our Allowance for Sales Returns and Bad Debts false false R34.htm 033 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/BasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share false false R35.htm 034 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Antidilutive Securities Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/AntidilutiveSecuritiesTable Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details) - Antidilutive Securities false false R36.htm 035 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note3RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails Note 3 - Related Party Transactions (Details) false false R37.htm 036 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note4LineofCreditDetails Note 4 - Line of Credit (Details) false false R38.htm 037 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note5LongtermDebtDetails Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) false false R39.htm 038 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/LongtermDebtTable Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt false false R40.htm 039 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt (Parentheticals) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/LongtermDebtTable_Parentheticals Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Long-term Debt (Parentheticals) false false R41.htm 040 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/AggregateMaturitiesofLongTermDebtTable Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) - Aggregate Maturities of Long-Term Debt false false R42.htm 041 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Equity (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note6EquityDetails Note 6 - Equity (Details) false false R43.htm 042 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Details) - Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/SummaryofActivityoftheCompanysStockOptionsTable Note 7 - Stock Option Plans (Details) - Summary of Activity of the Company's Stock Options false false R44.htm 043 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note8EquityIncentivePlansDetails Note 8 - Equity Incentive Plans (Details) false false R45.htm 044 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note9LeasesDetails Note 9 - Leases (Details) false false R46.htm 045 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Leases (Details) - Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/FutureMinimumLeasePaymentsRequiredforOperatingandCapitalLeasesTable Note 9 - Leases (Details) - Future Minimum Lease Payments Required for Operating and Capital Leases false false R47.htm 046 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note10IncomeTaxesDetails Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) false false R48.htm 047 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Income Tax Reconciliation Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/IncomeTaxReconciliationTable Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Income Tax Reconciliation false false R49.htm 048 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/DeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesTable Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details) - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities false false R50.htm 049 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note11BusinessInterruptionDetails Note 11 - Business Interruption (Details) false false R51.htm 050 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note12CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details) false false R52.htm 051 - Disclosure - Note 13 - 401(k) Plan (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note13401kPlanDetails Note 13 - 401(k) Plan (Details) false false R53.htm 052 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) Sheet http://www.aert.com/role/Note14SubsequentEventsDetails Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Element us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent had a mix of decimals attribute values: -3 0. Element us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 0. Element us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment had a mix of decimals attribute values: -4 -3. Element us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Element us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare had a mix of decimals attribute values: 0 2. Element us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt had a mix of decimals attribute values: -5 -3. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 364 days and at least 22 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (5) as many values. Column '5/23/2011 - 5/23/2011' is shorter (0 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. 'Monetary' elements on report '026 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '037 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '046 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Income Taxes (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. 'Monetary' elements on report '052 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Subsequent Events (Details)' had a mix of different decimal attribute values. Process Flow-Through: 001 - Statement - Balance Sheets Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Dec. 31, 2012' Process Flow-Through: 002 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parentheticals) Process Flow-Through: 003 - Statement - Statements of Operations Process Flow-Through: 005 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows aert-20141231.xml aert-20141231.xsd aert-20141231_cal.xml aert-20141231_def.xml aert-20141231_lab.xml aert-20141231_pre.xml true true XML 72 R38.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) (USD $) 0 Months Ended 12 Months Ended 36 Months Ended 0 Months Ended May 23, 2011 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2012 Mar. 18, 2011 Nov. 18, 2011 Oct. 21, 2011 Jul. 14, 2010 Oct. 20, 2011 Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Proceeds from Lines of Credit $ 3,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit Contract Labor Materials and Equipment Expense 3,000,000 aert_ContractLaborMaterialsAndEquipmentExpense In Kind Expenses 9,200,000 aert_InKindExpenses Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share $ 1,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Debt Conversion, Converted Instrument, Amount (2,587,000) us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 (2,362,000) us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 Proceeds from Issuance of Debt 1,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt 1,029,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt Debt Instrument Covenant Terms Mandatory Payment of Excess Cash Flow Percentage 50.00% aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsMandatoryPaymentOfExcessCashFlowPercentage Debt Instrument Covenant Terms Mandatory Payment of Certain Proceeds Percentage 100.00% aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsMandatoryPaymentOfCertainProceedsPercentage Series E Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Preferred Stock, Shares Issued 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember 20,524 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share $ 0.01 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember $ 0.01 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Option 1, Cash Interest [Member] | Series A Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 8.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option1CashInterestMember Option 1, Cash Interest [Member] | Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 10.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option1CashInterestMember Option 2, Cash Interest [Member] | Series A Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option2CashInterestMember Option 2, Cash Interest [Member] | Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option2CashInterestMember Option 2, Payable in Kind [Member] | Series A Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option2PayableInKindMember Option 2, Payable in Kind [Member] | Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 6.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option2PayableInKindMember Option 2, Cash Interest After 24 Months [Member] | Series A Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 8.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = aert_Option2CashInterestAfter24MonthsMember HIG Series A Note [Member] | Cash Interest Rate [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_CashInterestRateMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember Paid in Kind Interest Rate 4.00% aert_PaidInKindInterestRate / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_CashInterestRateMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember HIG Series B Note [Member] | Cash Interest Rate [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 4.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_CashInterestRateMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember Paid in Kind Interest Rate 6.00% aert_PaidInKindInterestRate / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_CashInterestRateMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember Series A Term Note [Member] | H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage 20.00% us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage / us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember AloStar Bank of Commerce [Member] | Base Rate [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate 4.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember / us-gaap_VariableRateAxis = us-gaap_BaseRateMember AloStar Bank of Commerce [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 5.50% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Repayments of Debt Number of Installments 36 aert_RepaymentsOfDebtNumberOfInstallments / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment 80,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment Terms, Balloon Payment to be Paid 4,100,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate 1.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Promissory Note Dated July 1, 2009 [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount 6,806,656 us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_PromissoryNoteDatedJuly12009Member Adair County Industrial Authority Solid Waste Recovery Facilities Revenue Bonds [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount 13,281,084 us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_AdairCountyIndustrialAuthoritySolidWasteRecoveryFacilitiesRevenueBondsMember City of Springdale Arkansas Industrial Development Refunding Revenue Bonds [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount 10,436,409 us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_CityOfSpringdaleArkansasIndustrialDevelopmentRefundingRevenueBondsMember Secured Promissory Note Issued December 20, 2010[Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Face Amount 2,000,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SecuredPromissoryNoteIssuedDecember202010Member Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount 2,096,667 us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SecuredPromissoryNoteIssuedDecember202010Member Series A Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 80.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Debt Instrument, Term 6 years Debt Instrument, Face Amount 10,000,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Senior Notes 17,596,667 us-gaap_SeniorNotes / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage 51.00% us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Series B Senior Term Note [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Term 6 years Debt Instrument, Face Amount 9,000,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember Debt Conversion, Converted Instrument, Amount 5,500,000 us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity 3,000,000 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember Proceeds from Issuance of Debt 1,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember 2,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember H.I.G. Capital, L.L.C. [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Conversion, Original Debt, Amount 6,900,000 us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 / us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis = aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember Oklahoma Department of Commerce [Member] Note 5 - Long-term Debt (Details) [Line Items] Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage 3.00% us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage / us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis = aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember Debt Instrument, Term 15 years Debt Instrument, Face Amount 3,000,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis = aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember Long-term Line of Credit $ 2,600,000 us-gaap_LineOfCredit / us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis = aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember X - Definition Represents contract labor, contract materials, and equipment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_ContractLaborMaterialsAndEquipmentExpense Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Mandatory payment per the credit agreement of 100% of proceeds from most non-ordinary course asset dispositions, additional debt issuances or equity issuances (subject to certain exceptions in each case or as H.I.G. otherwise agrees) + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsMandatoryPaymentOfCertainProceedsPercentage Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Mandatory payment per the credit agreement of 50% of the Company's "Excess Cash Flow". + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_DebtInstrumentCovenantTermsMandatoryPaymentOfExcessCashFlowPercentage Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the in kind expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_InKindExpenses Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: aert_Note5LongtermDebtDetailsLineItems Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the paid in kind interest rate. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_PaidInKindInterestRate Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the number of installments for repayment of a loan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: aert_RepaymentsOfDebtNumberOfInstallments Namespace Prefix: aert_ Data Type: xbrli:pureItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The value of the financial instrument(s) that the original debt is being converted into in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. "Part noncash" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of the original debt being converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. "Part noncash" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4332-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4304-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of the required periodic payments including both interest and principal payments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 470 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479336&loc=d3e64711-112823 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of payment greater than the preceding installment payments to be paid at final maturity date of debt. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 323 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6382943&loc=d3e33918-111571 + Details Name: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow during the period from additional borrowings in aggregate debt. Includes proceeds from short-term and long-term debt. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(f)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph f -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 16 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_SeniorNotes Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=aert_HIGCapitalLLCMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_AdairCountyIndustrialAuthoritySolidWasteRecoveryFacilitiesRevenueBondsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_AloStarBankOfCommerceMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_CityOfSpringdaleArkansasIndustrialDevelopmentRefundingRevenueBondsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_PromissoryNoteDatedJuly12009Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_SecuredPromissoryNoteIssuedDecember202010Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=aert_SeriesBSeniorTermNoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=aert_OklahomaDepartmentOfCommerceMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aert_HIGSeriesANoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aert_HIGSeriesBNoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aert_SeriesATermNoteMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=aert_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_Option1CashInterestMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_Option2CashInterestAfter24MonthsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_Option2CashInterestMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=aert_Option2PayableInKindMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 73 R20.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note 14 - Subsequent Events 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events [Text Block] Note 14: Subsequent Events Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC In 2007, AERT entered into an operating lease with the LaSalle National Leasing Company (presently Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC). The equipment leased is identified as “Schedule 1 Equipment” and “Schedule 2 Equipment”. The operating lease contained a provision for a fair market value buy out at the end of the lease. The lease for the “Schedule 1 Equipment” terminated on December 31, 2014. On January 22, 2015, AERT entered into a new financing agreement with Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC (BOA). This agreement will finance the equipment buy out for the Schedule 1 Equipment. The terms of the new financing agreement are 18 monthly payments of $39 thousand. Payments began on February 1, 2015 and will continue until July 1, 2016. At the end of the agreement, AERT will own all of the equipment identified as Schedule 1 Equipment. The Company remains obligated to a remaining portion of the operating lease with BOA for equipment identified as Schedule 2 Equipment. The Company’s obligation for this lease will expire on March 31, 2015, at which time a new financing agreement with BOA will be negotiated. VFI Corporate Finance On January 19, 2015, the Company accepted a 36-month capital lease proposal with VFI Corporate Finance (VFI) for the purchase of material handling equipment. The terms of the lease include 36 equal payments of $19 thousand. The lease is expected to be consummated and delivery of the equipment accepted by the end of the first quarter of 2015. At the end of the lease, there will be a $1.00 (one dollar) buy out for the equipment. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration 