. The following risks and uncertainties may affect our performance and results of operations. 4 Our business can be hurt by economic conditions . Our business is affected by a number of economic factors, including the level of economic activity in the markets in which we operate. Sales in the commercial and industrial new construction markets correlate to the number of new homes and buildings that are built, which in turn is influenced by cyclical factors such as interest rates, inflation, consumer spending habits, employment rates and other macroeconomic factors over which we have no control. In the HVAC business, a decline in economic activity as a result of these cyclical or other factors typically results in a decline in new construction and replacement purchases which could impact our sales volume and profitability. We may be adversely affected by problems in the availability, or increases in the prices, of raw materials and components . Problems in the availability, or increases in the prices, of raw materials or components could depress our sales or increase the costs of our products. We are dependent upon components purchased from third parties, as well as raw materials such as steel, copper and aluminum. Occasionally, we enter into cancellable and noncancellable contracts on terms from six to 18 months for raw materials and components at fixed prices. However, if a key supplier is unable or unwilling to meet our supply requirements, we could experience supply interruptions or cost increases, either of which could have an adverse effect on our gross profit. We risk having losses resulting from the use of non-cancellable fixed price contracts. Historically, we have attempted to limit the impact of price fluctuations on commodities by entering into non-cancellable fixed price contracts with our major suppliers for periods of six to 18 months. We expect to receive delivery of raw materials from our fixed price contracts for use in our manufacturing operations. These fixed price contracts are not accounted for using hedge accounting since they meet the normal purchases and sales exemption. We may not be able to successfully develop and market new products . Our future success will depend upon our continued investment in research and new product development and our ability to continue to achieve new technological advances in the HVAC industry. Our inability to continue to successfully develop and market new products or our inability to implement technological advances on a pace consistent with that of our competitors could lead to a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may incur material costs as a result of warranty and product liability claims that would negatively affect our profitability . The development, manufacture, sale and use of our products involve a risk of warranty and product liability claims. Our product liability insurance policies have limits that, if exceeded, may result in material costs that would have an adverse effect on our future profitability. In addition, warranty claims are not covered by our product liability insurance and there may be types of product liability claims that are also not covered by our product liability insurance. We may not be able to compete favorably in the highly competitive HVAC business . Competition in our various markets could cause us to reduce our prices or lose market share, which could have an adverse affect on our future financial results. Substantially all of the markets in which we participate are highly competitive. The most significant competitive factors we face are product reliability, product performance, service and price, with the relative importance of these factors varying among our product line. Other factors that affect competition in the HVAC market include the development and application of new technologies and an increasing emphasis on the development of more efficient HVAC products. Moreover, new product introductions are an important factor in the market categories in which our products compete. Several of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we have, allowing them to invest in more extensive research and development. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competition and current and future competitive pressures faced by us may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 5 The loss of Norman H. Asbjornson could impair the growth of our business . Norman H. Asbjornson, our founder, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from inception to date. He has provided the leadership and vision for our growth. Although important responsibilities and functions have been delegated to other highly experienced and capable management personnel, and our products are technologically advanced and well positioned for sales into the future, his death, disability or retirement could impair the growth of our business. We do not have an employment agreement with Mr. Asbjornson. It should be noted, however, that the Board of Directors is in the process of evolving a succession plan relating to Mr. Asbjornson and the positions currently held by him. Our business is subject to the risks of interruptions by problems such as computer viruses. We depend upon information technology infrastructure, including network, hardware and software systems to conduct our business. Despite our implementation of network and other cyber security measures, our information technology system and networks could be disrupted or experience a security breach from computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business. Exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations . Our future profitability could be adversely affected by current or future environmental laws. We are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the environment in the United States and in other parts of the world. These laws and regulations could impose liability for remediation costs and result in civil or criminal penalties in case of non-compliance. Compliance with environmental laws increases our costs of doing business. Because these laws are subject to frequent change, we are unable to predict the future costs resulting from environmental compliance. We are subject to potentially extreme governmental regulations. We always face the possibility of new governmental regulations which could have a substantial or even extreme negative effect on our operations and profitability. Negotiations during the summer of 2013 mitigated some of the negative effects of the Department of Energy Final Rule, Regulatory Identification No. 1904-AC23, published on March 7, 2011. However, some additional testing and listing requirements are still in place and will be phased in. In addition, several other intrusive component part governmental regulations are in process. If these proposals become final rules, the effect would be the regulation of compressors and fans in products for which the DOE does not have current authority. This could affect equipment we currently manufacture and could have an impact on our product design, operations and profitability. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known as "conflict minerals", originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. As a result, in August 2012, the SEC adopted annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use conflict minerals in their products. Accordingly, we began our reasonable country of origin inquiries in fiscal year 2013, with initial disclosure requirements beginning in May 2014. There are costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for due diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. The implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering “conflict free” conflict minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, we may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we may implement. 6 We are subject to adverse changes in tax laws. Our tax expense or benefits could be adversely affected by changes in tax provisions, unfavorable findings in tax examinations or differing interpretations by tax authorities. We are unable to estimate the impact that current and future tax proposals and tax laws could have on our results of operations. We are currently subject to state and local tax examinations for which we do not expect any major assessments. We are subject to international regulations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Due to our use of representatives in foreign markets, we are subject to many laws governing international relations, including those that prohibit improper payments to government officials and commercial customers, and restrict where we can do business, what information or products we can supply to certain countries and what information we can provide to a non-U.S. government, including but not limited to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act and the U.S. Export Administration Act. Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties or sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Operations may be affected by natural disasters, especially since most of our operations are performed at a single location. Natural disasters such as tornadoes and ice storms, as well as accidents, acts of terror, infection and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect our operations. Especially, as our facilities are in areas where tornadoes are likely to occur, and the majority of our operations are at our Tulsa facilities, the effects of natural disasters and other events could damage our facilities and equipment and force a temporary halt to manufacturing and other operations, and such events could consequently cause severe damage to our business. We maintain insurance against these sorts of events; however, this is not guaranteed to cover all the losses and damages incurred. If we are unable to hire, develop or retain employees, it could have an adverse effect on our business. We compete to hire new employees and then seek to train them to develop their skills. We may not be able to successfully recruit, develop and retain the personnel we need. Unplanned turnover or failure to hire and retain a diverse, skilled workforce, could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our results of operations. Variability in self-insurance liability estimates could impact our results of operations. We self-insure for employee health insurance and workers’ compensation insurance coverage up to a predetermined level, beyond which we maintain stop-loss insurance from a third-party insurer for claims over $200,000 and $770,000 for employee health insurance claims and workers' compensation insurance claims, respectively. Our aggregate exposure varies from year to year based upon the number of participants in our insurance plans. We estimate our self-insurance liabilities using an analysis provided by our claims administrator and our historical claims experience. Our accruals for insurance reserves reflect these estimates and other management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. If the number or severity of claims for which we self-insure increases, it could cause a material and adverse change to our reserves for self-insurance liabilities, as well as to our earnings. Item 1B