 An
investment in our securities is highly speculative and subject to numerous and substantial risks. Readers are encouraged to review
these risks carefully before making any investment decision. Risk
Factors Affecting Future Operating Results As
the business of 2050 Motors will now become the primary business of the Company, the following risk factors relate to 2050 Motors
and its business. 2050
Motors is a development company with limited operating history which makes the evaluation of its future business prospects difficult. You
should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies
that, like us, have a limited operating history. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully
market our proposed new products. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common
stock. Even if we accomplish these objectives, we may not generate the positive cash flows or profits we anticipate in the future.
2050 Motors, which is our only operating business, was incorporated in Nevada on November 12, 2012 and has generated no revenue
to date. Since its inception its principal activities have been the design of its business plan and the development, with third
parties, of a new and improved electric vehicle. Unanticipated problems, expenses and delays are frequently encountered in establishing
and developing new products, especially in the automobile industry. These include, but are not limited to, inadequate funding,
lack of consumer acceptance, competition, product development, and inadequate sales and marketing. The failure by us to meet any
of these conditions would have a materially adverse effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail operations. No assurance
can be given that we can or will ever operate profitably. If
we are unable to meet our future capital needs, we may be required to reduce or curtail operations. To
date, we have relied on funding from investors, our officers and directors, and close associates to fund operations. To date,
we have not generated any revenue and have extremely limited cash liquidity and capital resources. Our future capital requirements
will depend on many factors, including our ability to market our products successfully, cash flow from operations, and our ability
to obtain financing in the capital markets. Our business plan requires additional funding beyond our anticipated cash flow from
operations. Consequently, although we currently have no specific plans or arrangements for financing, we intend to raise funds
through private placements, public offerings or other financing. Any equity financing would result in dilution to our then-existing
stockholders. Sources of debt financing may result in higher interest expense and may expose the Company to liquidity problems.
Any financing, if available, may be on unfavorable terms. If adequate funds are not obtained, we may be required to reduce or
curtail operations. We anticipate that our existing capital resources will be adequate to satisfy our operating expenses and capital
requirements for approximately 6 months. However, this estimate of expenses and capital requirements may prove to be inaccurate. Our
business will depend on certain key 2050 Motors personnel, the loss of which would adversely affect our chances of success. 2050
Motors’ success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of its senior management, key executives and
consultants. We do not have “key person” life insurance policies on or any employment agreement with any of our officers
or other employees. The loss of the services of any of the key members of senior management, other key personnel or consultants,
or our inability to retain high quality subcontractors or personnel may have materially adverse effects on our business and operating
results. Our
future growth is dependent upon consumers’ willingness to accept electric vehicles. Our
growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of, and we are subject to an elevated risk of any reduced demand for,
alternative fuel vehicles, generally, and electric vehicles in particular. If consumers do not adopt electric vehicles, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new,
rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government
regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Developments
in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine may materially adversely affect the demand for our
electric vehicles. Significant developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, fuel cells or compressed
natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially and adversely affect our business
and prospects in ways we cannot anticipate. Any failure by us and our manufacturer to develop new or enhanced technologies or
processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially delay our development and introduction of new and
enhanced electric vehicles, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our vehicles, decreased revenue and a loss of
market share to competitors. 5 The
automotive market is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in this industry. We currently face competition
from established competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future. The
worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will become
even more so in the future. In 2009, no other mass produced performance highway capable electric vehicles were being sold in the
United States or Europe. By December 2014, just five years later, there are many companies selling mass produced electric vehicles.
We expect greater significant competition, as more competitors enter these markets within the next several years. Almost
all of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing and other resources
than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale
and support of their products. Virtually all of our competitors have more extensive customer bases and broader customer and industry
relationships than we do. In addition, almost all of these companies have longer operating histories and greater name recognition
than we do. Our competitors may be in a stronger position to respond quickly to new technologies and may be able to design, develop,
market and sell their products more effectively. Furthermore,
certain large manufacturers offer financing and leasing options on their vehicles and also have the ability to market vehicles
at a substantial discount, provided that the vehicles are financed through their affiliated financing company. We do not currently
offer discounts or leasing options on our vehicles, which may put our vehicles at a competitive disadvantage. If
our vehicles fail to perform as expected, our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could be harmed. Our
vehicles may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or that may require repair.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the vehicles prior to their sale to consumers.
Any product defects or any other failure of our performance electric vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation
and result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and
reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects. If
we are unable to address the service requirements of our existing and future customers our business will be materially and adversely
affected. If
we are unable to successfully address the service requirements of our existing and future customers our business and prospects
will be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we anticipate the level and quality of the service that we will provide
our customers will have a direct impact on the success of our vehicles. If we are unable to satisfactorily service our customers,
our ability to generate customer loyalty, grow our business and sell additional electric vehicles would be greatly impaired. Although
we have many years of experience working with electric vehicles, we have no direct experience servicing the e-Go EV vehicles.
Aoxin Automobile has not yet begun production of our automobiles. We expect to receive three demonstration electric vehicles from
Aoxin’s new Manufacturing Plant. Servicing electric vehicles is different than
servicing vehicles with internal combustion engines and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing
techniques. We
plan to service our performance electric vehicles through our company-owned stores. As of the date hereof, we have only one company
owned store located in Las Vegas, Nevada. As we grow, we will need to open additional stores with service capabilities, as well
as hire and train significant numbers of new employees to staff these centers. There can be no assurance that these service arrangements
will adequately address the service requirements of our customers to their satisfaction, or that we will have sufficient resources
to meet these service requirement in a timely manner as the volume of vehicles we are able to deliver annually increases. We
are dependent upon our relationship with Aoxin Automobile for the manufacturing of the e-Go EV automobile. In
July 2013, we entered into a distribution agreement with Aoxin Automobile pursuant to which Aoxin Automobile agreed to assist
with the design and manufacture of the e-Go EV automobile. Pursuant to the distribution agreement with Aoxion, in order to maintain
our exclusive distribution rights, we are obligated to purchase a minimum of 2,000 fully assembled automobiles in the first year (beginning at the time of approval from the US DOT, State and Federal standards and requirements,
and completion of crash testing according to US protocol), which doubles each year thereafter until year five when the
minimum purchase is 48,000 automobiles. If we are unable to meet this volume requirement, our exclusive distribution rights revert
to non-exclusive rights. Additionally, because we are dependent upon our relationship with Aoxin Automobile for the manufacturing
of the e-Go EV automobile, our business depends on Aoxin continuing to operate as a viable and solvent entity and to continue
to produce the e-Go EV vehicles pursuant to our agreement. Any delay or discontinuance by Aoxin of delivery of the e-Go EV vehicles
and or failure by Aoxin to produce the vehicles in accordance with quality standards would have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 6 The
unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and prospects. Any
reduction, elimination or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic incentives because of policy changes,
the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of the electric vehicle, fiscal tightening or
other reasons may result in the diminished competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry generally or our electric
vehicles in particular. This could materially and adversely affect the growth of the alternative fuel automobile markets and our
business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our growth depends in part on the availability and amounts of
government subsidies and economic incentives for alternative fuel vehicles generally and performance electric vehicles specifically.
In addition, certain regulations that encourage sales of electric cars could be reduced, eliminated or applied in a way that creates
an adverse effect against our vehicles, either currently or at any time in the future. 2050
Motors stockholders will be able to control the Company. As
a result of the Reorganization, the initial stockholders of 2050 Motors were issued common stock of the Company representing 82%
of the Company’s outstanding common stock. Accordingly, Mr. Hu and other former 2050 Motors stockholders will have the ability
to control the affairs of the Company for the foreseeable future. Inadequate
market liquidity may make it difficult to sell our stock. There
is currently a limited public market for our common stock, but we can give no assurance that there will always be such a market.
Only a limited number of shares of our common stock are actively traded in the public market and we cannot give assurance that
the market for our stock will develop sufficiently to create significant market liquidity and stable market prices. An investor
may find it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock in the public market because of the limited number of potential
buyers at any time or because of fluctuations in our market price. In addition, the shares of our common stock are not eligible
as a margin security and lending institutions may not accept our common stock as collateral for a loan. We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited
to the value of our common stock. We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such
time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because
a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. There
is a limited trading market for our common stock and if a market for our common stock does not further develop, our investors
may be unable to sell their shares in a timely manner. Although
we are trading on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “ETFM”, there is currently no active trading market for
our common stock and such a market may not develop or be sustained. If an active trading market is established for our common
stock, the market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors such as actual or anticipated fluctuations
in our operating results, general market conditions and other factors. In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices of the shares of companies like 2050
Motors, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock in a material manner. The
regulation of “Penny” stocks by the SEC and FINRA may discourage the tradability of our common stock. We
are a “penny stock” company. Our securities are subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes
special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers or
accredited investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase “accredited investors” means, in general terms, institutions
with assets in excess of $5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or having an annual income that
exceeds $200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse’s income, exceeds $300,000). For transactions covered by the rule,
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement
to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny stocks. Consequently,
the rule will affect the ability of purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any market that might develop therefore
because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. In
addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate “penny stocks”. Such rules
include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Because our securities constitute “penny stocks” within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply
to us and to our securities. The rules will further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market
that might develop for them because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. Shareholders
should be aware that, according to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years
from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers
that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales
and false and misleading press releases; (iii) “boiler room” practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic
price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling
broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated
to a desired consequent shareholder losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny
stock market. 7 Item
1B