”, Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” and Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” of this Form 10 ‑K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Financial information about geographic areas, including revenue, long-lived assets, and cash balances, appears in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” of this Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Marketing and Customers Our sales and marketing strategy focuses on an integrated approach that is directed at providing 3D content-to-print solutions and services to meet a wide range of customer needs. This integrated approach includes the sales and marketing of our entire portfolio of products and services. Our sales organization is responsible for the sale of all of our products and services on a worldwide basis and for the management and coordination of our growing network of authorized resellers. With the exception of our online channels and direct Quickparts salespersons, we sell our products and services primarily through resellers who are supported by our own exp erienced channel sales managers consisting of salesp ersons who work throughout the America s, EMEA and Asia Pacific . Our application engineers provide professional services through pre-sales and post-sales support and assist existing customers so that they can take advantage of our latest print materials and techniques to improve part qu ality and machine productivity. This group also leverages our customer contacts to help identify new application opportunities that utilize our proprietary processes and access to our Quickparts printing service. As of December 31, 201 4 , our worldwide sales, application and service staff consisted of 202 employees. In certain areas of the world where we do not operate directly, we have appointed sales agents and distributors who are authorized to sell our products and services on our behalf. Certain of those agents and distributors also provide services to customers in those geographic areas . As a complement to our printer s and materials sales, we maintain our Quickparts on demand parts service, a global network of parts printing service locations, which we sell through a direct sale s team and our online platform. In addition to providing a comprehensive range of services to customers, Quickparts also provides relationship building and lead generation for future sales of our products . Our consumer oriented 3D printers, scanners, software, content and services are available online through Cubify and through retail stores and distributors as well as through our reseller channel . Our customers include major companies and small and midsize businesses in a broad range of industries, including manufacturers of automotive, aerospace, computer, electronic, defense, education, consumer, energy and healthcare products. Purchasers of our printers include original equipment manufacturers (OEM ’ s), government agencies, universities and other educational institutions, independent service bureaus and individual consumers . No single customer accounted for more than 10 percent o f our consolidated revenue for t he years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 or 20 12 . 10 Production and Supplies We assemble our Cube and Cube Pro 3D printers, our ProJet 1000 through 7000 3D printers and other equipment at our Rock Hill, South Carolina facilities . Our ProJet x60 series of 3D printers are assembled at our Andover, Massachusetts location . Our Herndon, Virginia facility produces our Vidar digitizers as well as provides additional Cube 3D printers assembly. Our Simbionix branded 3D simulators are produced in our facility in Airport City, Israel. Our direct metals printers are produced in the U.S. and France. We outsource certain production printer assembly and refurbishment activities to selected design and engineering companies and suppliers. These suppliers also carry out quality control procedures on our printers prior to their shipment to customers. As part of these activities, these suppliers have responsibility for procuring the components and sub-assemblies that are used in our printers. We purchase finished printers from these suppliers pursuant to forecasts and customer orders that we supply to them. While the outsourced suppliers of our printers have responsibility for the supply chain of the components for the printers they assemble, the components, parts and sub-assemblies that are used in our printers are generally available from several potential suppliers. We produce print materials at our facilities in Andover, Massachusetts; Barberton, Ohio; Marly, Switzerland and Rock Hill , South Carolina. We also have arrangements with third parties who blend to our specifications certain print materials that we sell under our own brand names. As discussed above, we also purchase print materials from third parties for resale to our customers. Our equipment assembly and print materials blending activities and certain research and development activities are subject to compliance with applicable federal, state and local provisions regulating the storage, use and discharge of materials into the environment. We believe that we are in compliance , in all material respects, with such regulations as currently in effect and that continued compliance with them will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or consolidated financial position. Research and Development The 3D printing industry is experiencing rapid technological change. Consequently, we have ongoing research and development programs to develop new printers and print materials and to enhance our product lines as well as to improve and expand the capabilities of our printers, print materials and software. These include significant technology platform developments for products, materials and software. Our development efforts are often augmented by development arrangements with research institutions, customers, suppliers of material and hardware and the assembly and design firms that we have engaged to assemble our printers. From time to time, we also engage third party engineering companies and specialty print materials companies in specific development projects . In addition to our internally developed technology platforms, we have acquired products or technologies developed by others by acquiring business entities that held ownership rights to the technologies. In other instances we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property rights of technologies developed by third parties through licensing agreements that may obligate us to pay a license fee or royalty, typically based upon a dollar amount per unit or a percentage of the revenue generated by such products. As noted below, t he amount of such royalties was not material to our results of operations or consolidated financial position for the three-year period ended December 31, 20 14 . Research and development expenses were $75.4 million, $43.5 million and $ 23.2 million in 2014, 2013 and 201 2 , respectively. No software development costs from acquisitions were capitalized in 2014. We capitalized $ 0.3 million of software development costs from acquisitions in 2013. We did not capitalize any software development costs in 2012. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Intellectual Property We regard our technology platforms and materials as proprietary and seek to protect them through copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets. At December 31, 20 14 and 2013 , we held 1,061 and 973 patents worldwide , respectively. At December 31, 2014 , we also had 262 pending patent applications worldwide , including applications covering inventions contained in our recently introduced printers . The principal issued patents covering aspects of our various technologies will expire at varying times through the year 2027 . We are also a party to various licenses that have had the effect of broadening the range of the patents, patent applications and other intellectual property available to us. 11 We have also entered into licensing or cross-licensing arrangements with various companies in the United States and in other countries that enable those companies to utilize our technolog ies in their products or that enable us to use their technologies in our products. Under certain of these licenses, we are entitled to receive, or we are obligated to pay, royalties for the sale of licensed products in the U.S. or in other countries. The amount of such royalties was not material to our results of operations or consolidated financial position for the three-year period ended December 31, 20 14 . We believe that, while our patents and licenses provide us with a competitive advantage, our success depends primarily on our marketing, business development and applications know-how and on our ongoing research and development efforts. Accordingly, we believe the expiration of any of the patents, patent applications or licenses discussed above would not be material to our business or financial position. Competition We face competition from the development of new technologies or techniques not encompassed by the patents that we own or license and from the conventional technologies. Our competitors also include other suppliers of 3D printers, print materials and software, including CAD design and scanning software, as well as suppliers of forming manufacturing solutions such as vacuum casting equipment. A number of companies currently sell print materials that compete with those we sell . Numerous suppliers of these products operate both internationally and regionally, and many of them have well-recognized product lines that compete with us in a wide range of our product applications. Competition for most of our 3D printers is based primarily on process know-how, product application know-how and the ability to provide a full range of products and services to meet customer needs. Accordingly, our ongoing research and development programs are intended to enable us to maintain technological leadership. Certain of the companies producing competing products or providing competing services are well established and may have greater financial resources than us . Our competitors are also companies that manufacture machines that make, or use machines to make, models, prototypes, molds and small-volume to medium-volume manufacturing parts. These competitors include suppliers of CNC, suppliers of plastics molding equipment, including injection-molding equipment, suppliers of traditional machining, milling and grinding equipment, and businesses that use such equipment to produce models, prototypes, molds and manufacturing parts. These conventional machining, plastic molding and metal casting techniques continue to be the most common methods by which plastic and metal parts, models, functional prototypes and metal tool inserts are manufactured today . We believe that our future success depends on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technologies to new applications and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models, service delivery methods and other technological changes. Employee s At December 31, 20 14 , we had 2,136 f ull-time employees. A lthough some of our employees outside the U.S. are subject to local statutory employment and labor arrangements , n one of our U.S. employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any material work stoppages and believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory. Available Information Our website address is www. 3DSystems.com . The information contained on our website is neither a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K . We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10 ‑K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 ‑Q, Current Reports on Form 8 ‑K , amendments to those reports, and other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, the public may read and copy materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the public reference room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Several of our corporate governance materials, including our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Executives and Directors, Corporate Governance Guidelines, the current charters of each of the standing committees of the Board of Directors and our corporate charter documents and b y- laws are available on our website. 12 Executive and Other Officers The information appearing in the table below sets forth the current position or positions held by each of our of ficers and his or her age as of February 1 , 20 15 . All of our officers serve at the pleasure of the Boar d of Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. Name and Current Position Age as of February 1, 2015 Abraham N. Reichental President and Chief Executive Officer 58 Charles W. Hull Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 75 Theodore A. Hull Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 57 Mark W. Wright Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 50 David R. Styka Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 53 Kevin P. McAlea Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Healthcare 56 Andrew M. Johnson Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 40 Cathy L. Lewis Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 63 We have employed each of the individuals in the fore going table, other than Theodore A. Hull, Mark W. Wright and David R. Styka, for more than five yea rs. Mr. Hull assume d the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on November 4, 2014 . Mr. Hull’s career spans more than three decades of progressing financial leadership roles in high-tech companies and sector leaders including Cisco, Maxtor and IBM. Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fusion-io, a provider of advanced flash storage solutions, from December 2013 until the company's purchase by SanDisk Corporation in July 2014. Mr. Hull served as Vice President, Finance at Cisco Systems, Inc. a manufacturer of IP networking products and services, from 2007 to September 2013. Mr. Wright assumed the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer on October 27, 2014. Mr. Wright joins the Company after an 18-year career at EMC Corporation, a Fortune 500 provider of web-based computing systems and data storage products. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Development and Operations – Lenovo, since April 2014. He served as the Chief Operating Officer, Flash Product Division from October 2012 to April 2014, served as S enior Vice President, Strategic Operations, IIP Division from January to October 2012, Senior Vice President, Business Operations, Unified Storage Division from January 2011 to January 2012 and Vice President, Operations and Business Transformation, Unified Storage Division from 2008 to January 2011. Mr. Styka assumed the role of Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer on January 14, 2015. Mr. Styka joins the Company after serving as Vice President – Finance and Treasurer at Family Dollar Stores, Inc. a value retailer. At Family Dollar, Mr. Styka served as Vice President – Finance and Treasurer since April 2014, Vice President – Finance from March 2011 to April 2014, and Divisional Vice President – Tax and Inventory from July 2008 to March 2011. Item 1A. Risk Factors Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical or current facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include the cautionary statements and risk factors set forth below as well as other statements made in this Form 10-K that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from historical results or from any future results or projections expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 13 In addition to the statements set forth below that explicitly describe risks and uncertainties to which our business and our financial condition and results of operations are subject, readers are urged to consider statements in future or conditional tenses or that include terms such as “believes,” “belief,” “expects,” “intends,” “anticipates” or “plans” that appear in this Form 10-K to be uncertain and forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include comments as to our beliefs , expectations and projections as to future events and trends affecting our business. Forward-looking statements are based upon our beliefs, assumptions and current expectations concerning future events and trends, using information currently available to us, and are necessarily subject to uncertainties, many of which are outside our control. We assume no obligation, and do not intend, to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. The factors stated under the heading “Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors” set forth below, as well as other factors, could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected or predicted in forward-looking statements. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those reflected in or suggested by forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement that you read in this Form 10-K reflects our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, financial condition, growth strategy and liquidity. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to individuals acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this discussion. You should specifically consider the factors identified in this Form 10-K, which would cause actual results to differ from those referred to in forward-looking statements. Cautionary Statements and Risk Factors The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem not to be material also may impair our business operations , results of operations and financial condition . If any of the risks described below or if any other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem not to be material actually occur s , our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected . In that e vent, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock . The risks discussed below also include forward ‑looking statements that are intended to provide our current expectations with regard to those risks. There can be no assurance that our current expectations will be met , and our actual results may differ substantiall y from the expectations expressed in these forward ‑looking statements. We have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that may involve significant risks and uncertainties. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert management. We completed ten acquisitions in 2014. We also intend to continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities in the future in an effort to expand our business and enhance stockholder value. Acquis i t i ons involve certain risks and uncertainties including : · Difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and cost-effective manner, which may also impact our ability to realize the potential benefits associated with the acquisition; · The risk that significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration may be encountered; · The challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits; · The risk that our marketplaces do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in the marketplaces that we serve; · The risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying party; · The inability to maintain a relationship with key customers, vendors and other business partners of the acquired businesses; · The difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; 14 · The potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; · The risk of diverting management attention from our existing operations; · Difficulties in coordinating geographically disparate organizations and corporate cultures and integrating management personnel with different business backgrounds. · The potential failure of the due diligence process to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges of an acquired company or technology; · The risk that we incur significant costs associated with such acquisition activity that may negatively impact our operating results before the benefits of such acquisitions are realized, if at all; · The risk of incurring significant exit costs if products or services are unsuccessful; · The entry into marketplaces where we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger marketplace positions; · The exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with our assuming claims or litigation risks from terminated employees, customers, former shareholders or other third parties; and · The risk that historical financial information may not be representative or indicative of our results as a combined company. We have experienced rapid and signi ficant growth in our operations, both organically and from acquisitions , and we intend to continue to grow. The adaptation of our infrastructure to our growth will require, among other things, continued development of our financial and management controls and management information systems, management of our sales channel, continued capital expenditures, the ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel and the training of new personnel. We cannot be sure that our infrastructure, systems, procedures, business processes and managerial controls will be adequate to support the significant growth in our operations. Any delays in, or problems associated with, implementing, or transitioning to, new or enhanced systems, procedures, or controls to accommodate and support the requirements of our business and operations and to effectively and efficiently integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our ability to meet customer requirements, manage our product inventory, and record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. These potential negative effects could prevent us from realizing the benefits of an acquisition transaction or other growth opportunity. In that event, our competitive position, revenues, revenue growth, results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected, which could, in turn, adversely affect our share price and shareholder value. We face significant competition in many aspects of our business, which could cause our revenue and gross profit margins to decline. Competition could also cause us to reduce sales prices or to incur additional marketing or production costs, which could result in decreased revenue, increased costs and reduced margins. We compete for customers with a wide variety of producers of equipment and software for models, prototypes, other three-dimensional objects and end-use parts as well as producers of print materials and services for this equipment. Some of our existing and potential competitors are researching, designing, developing and marketing other types of competitive equipment and software, print materials and services. Certain of these competitors may have financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and other resources substantially greater than ours . We also expect that future competition may arise from the development of allied or related techniques for equipment and print materials that are not encompassed by our patents, from the issuance of patents to other companies that may inhibit our ability to develop certain products, and from improvements to existing print materials and equipment technologies. 15 Some of our patents have recently expired and others will expire in coming years. Upon expiration of those patents, our competitors may introduce products using the technology previously protected by the expired patents, which products may have lower prices than those of our products. To compete, we may need to reduce our pr ices for those products, which c ould adversely affect our revenues, margins and profitability. Additionally, the expiration of our patents could reduce barriers to entry into additive manufacturing, which could result in the reduction of our sales and earnings potential. If competitors using technology previously protected by our expired patents were to introduce products of inferior quality, our potential customers may view the technology negatively, which would have an adverse effect on our image and reputation and on our ability to compete with systems using other add itive fabrication technologies. We intend to continue to follow a strategy of continuing product development to enhance our position to the extent practicable. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current position in the field or continue to compete successfully against current and future sources of competition. If we do not keep pace with technological change and introduce new products, we may lose revenue and demand for our products. We also incur significant costs associated with the investment in our product development in furtherance of our strategy that may not result in increased revenue or demand for our products and which could negatively affect our operating results. We believe that our future success may depend on our ability to deliver products that meet changing technology and customer needs. Our business may be affected by rapid technological change, changes in user and customer requirements and preferences, frequent new product and service introductions embodying new technologies and the emergence of new standards and practices, any of which could render our existing products and proprietary technology obsolete. Accordingly, our ongoing research and development programs are intended to enable us to maintain technological leadership. We believe that to remain competitive we must continually enhance and improve the functionality and features of our products, services and technologies. However, there is a risk that we may not be able to: · Develop or obtain leading technologies useful in our business; · Enhance our existing products; · Develop new products, services and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of prospective customers, particularly in the area of printer speeds an d print materials functionality, and the developing consumer market; · Respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis; or · Recruit or retain key technology employees. Our balance sheet contains several categories of intangible assets totaling $ 841.1 million at December 31, 201 4 that we could be required to write off or write down in the event of the impairment of certain of those assets arising from any deterioration in our future performance or other circumstances. Such write-offs or write-downs could adversely impact our future earnings and stock price, and our ability to obtain financing . At December 31, 20 14 , we had $ 589.5 million in goodwill capitalized on our balance sheet. Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other , ” requires that goodwill and some long-lived intangibles be tested for impairment at least annually. In addition, goodwill and intangible assets are tested for impairment at other times as circumstances warrant, and such testing could result in write-downs of some of our goodwill and long ‑lived intangibles. Impairment is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible asset over the fair value of the underlying asset. A key factor in determining whether impairment has occurred is the relationship between our market capitalization and our book value. Accordingly, we may, from time to time, incur impairment charges, which are recorded as operating expenses when they are incurred and would reduce our net income and adversely affect our operating results in the period in which they are incurred. As of December 31, 20 14 , we had $ 251.6 million of other intangible assets, net, consisting of licenses, patents, and other intangibles that we amortize over time. Any material impairment to any of these items would result in a non-cash charge and w ould not impact our cash position or cash flows, but such a charge could adversely affect our results of operations and stockholders’ equity and could affect the trading price of our common stock in the period in which they are incurred . 16 As discussed below, we completed several business acquisitions during 2014, 2013 and 2012. The majority of the acquisitions have resulted in our recording additional goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. This goodwill typically arises because the purchase price for these businesses reflects a number of factors including the future earnings and cash flow potential of these businesses, the multiples to earnings, cash flow and other factors, such as prices at which similar businesses have been purchased by other acquirers, the competitive nature of the process by which we acquired the business, and the complementary strategic fit and resulting synergies these businesses bring to existing operations. For additional information, see Notes 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Goodwill and other intangible and long-lived assets.” Global economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do busine ss, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price. We are subject to global economic, political and social conditions that may cause customers to delay or reduce technology purchases due to economic downturns, volatility in fuel and other energy costs, difficulties in the financial services sector and credit markets, geopolitical uncertainties and other macroeconomic factor s affecting spending behavior. W e face risks that may arise from financial difficulties experience d by our suppliers, resellers or customers, including: · The risk that customers or resellers to whom we sell our products and services may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to our inability to obtain payment of accounts receivable that those customers or resellers may owe; · The risk that key suppliers of raw materials, finished products or components used in the products that we sell may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to disruption in the supply of printers, print materials or spare parts to our customers; and · The inability of customers, including resellers, suppliers and contract manufacturers to obtain credit financing to finance purchases of our products and raw materials used to build those products . We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings. In connection with the enforcement of our own intellectual property rights, the acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights or disputes related to the validity or alleged infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual property disputes and litigation may be costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention and energies of management and key technical personnel, and by increasin g our costs of doing business. Although we have successfully defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any ongoing or future litigation and disputes. Third - party intellectual property claims asserted against us could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from assembling or licensing certain of our products, subject us to injunctions restricting our sale of products, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the marketplaces in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various license arrangements. In addition we may incur significant costs in acquiring the necessary third-party intellectual property rights for use in our products. Any of these could seriously harm our business. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights and confidential information, including our digital content, from third-party infringers or unauthorized copying, use or disclosure. Although we defend our intellectual property rights and endeavor to combat unlicensed copying and use of our digital content and intellectual property rights through a variety of techniques, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our rights is inherently difficult. If our intellectual property becomes subject to piracy attacks, they may harm our business. 17 Additionally, we endeavor to protect the secrecy of our digital content, confidential information and trade secrets. If unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets occurs , we could potentially lose trade secret protection. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying previously confidential features , which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure agreements. However there is a risk that our confidential information and trade secrets may be disclosed or published without our authorization, and in these situations it may be difficult and/or costly for us to enforce our rights. If we cease to generate net cash flow from operations and if we are unable to raise additional capital, our financial condition c ould be adversely affect ed and we may not be able to execute our growth strategy. We cannot assure you that we will continue to generate cash from operations or other potential sources to fund future working capital needs and meet capital expenditure requirements. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring or incurring additional debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to obtain additional capital or refinance any indebtedness will depend on, among other things, the capital markets, our financial condition at such time and the terms and conditions of any such financing or indebtedness. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations . During 2014 we carried out one capital markets transaction and received $299.7 million of net proceeds. We also entered into a revolving, unsecured credit facility with PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and certain other lenders party thereto during 2014 . The Credit Agreement comprises a revolving loan facility that provides for advances in the initial aggregate principal amount of up to $150.0 million. From time-to-time we may seek access to additional external sources of capital to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and for other general corporate purposes. However, we cannot assure you that capital would be available from external sources such as bank credit facilities, debt or equity financings or other potential sources to fund any of those future needs . If our ability to generate cash flow from operations and our existing cash becomes inadequate to meet our needs, our options for addressing such capital constraints include, but are not limited to, (i) obtaining additional debt financing or increasing the limit on our current revolving credit facility, (ii) accessing the public capital markets, or (iii) delaying certain of our existing development projects. If it became necessary to obtain additional debt financing it is likely that such alternatives in the current market environment would be on less favorable terms than we have historically obtained, which could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows . The lack of additional capital resulting from any inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise equity or debt financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore, have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any necessary funds, if available, would be available on attractive terms or that they would not have a significantly dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. If our financial condition worsens and we become unable to attract additional equity or debt financing or enter into other strategic transactions, we could become insolvent or be forced to declare bankruptcy and we would not be able to execute our growth strategy . The variety of products that we sell could cause significant quarterly fluctuations in our gross profit margins, and those fluctuations in margins could cause fluctuations in operating income or loss and net income or loss. We continuously work to expand and improve our product s, materials and services offerings, the number of geographic areas in which we operate and the distribution channels we use to reach various target product applications and customers. This variety of products, applications and channels involves a range of gross profit margins that can cause substantial quarterly fluctuations in gross profit and gross profit margins depending upon the mix of product shipments from quarter to quarter. Additionally, the introduction of new products or services may further heighten quarterly fluctuations in gross profit and gross profit margins due to manuf acturing ramp-up and start-up costs. We may experience significant quarterly fluctuations in gross profit margins or operating income or loss due to the impact of the mix of products, channels or geographic areas in which we sell our products from period to period. In some quarters, it is possible that our financial performance could be below expectations of analysts and investors. If so, the price of our common stock may be volatile or decline and o ur cost of capital may increase . 18 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from business conducted outside the U.S and are subject to the risks of doing business outside the U.S . For the year ended 2014, 49.1% of our consolidated revenue is derived from customers in countries outside the U.S. There are many risks inherent in business activities outside the U.S. that, unless managed properly, may adversely affect our profitability, including our ability to collect amounts due from customers. While most of o ur operations outside the U.S. are conducted in highly developed countries, they could be adversely affected by: · Unexpected changes in laws, regulations and policies of non-U.S. governments relating to investments and operations, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad ; · Changes in regulatory requirements, including e xport controls, tariffs and embargoes, other trade restrictions, competition, corporate practices and data privacy concerns ; · Political policies, political or civil unrest, terrorism or epidemics and other similar outbreaks ; · Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; · Seasonal reductions in business activity in certain parts of the world, particularly during the summer months in Europe and extended holiday periods in various parts of the world ; · Limited protection for the enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights in some countries; · Potentially longer sales cycles and payment cycles; · Transportation delays; · Difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; · Operating in countries with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; · Potentially adverse changes in t axation ; and · O ther factors, depending upon the specific country in which we conduct business. These uncertainties may make it difficult for us and our customers to accurately plan future business activities and may lead our customers in certain countries to delay purchases of our products and services. More generally, these geopolitical, social and economic conditions could result in increased volatility in global financial markets and economies. The consequences of terrorism or armed conflicts are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have an adverse effect on our market opportunities or our business. We are uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorism, acts of war and similar events. While the geographic areas outside the U.S. in which we operate are generally not considered to be highly inflationary, our foreign operations are sensitive to fluctuations in currency exchange rates arising from, among other things, certain intercompany transactions that are generally denominated, for example, in U.S. dollars rather than their respective functional currencies. Moreover, our operations are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices, which may adversely affect our results of oper ations and financial condition. We seek to minimize these risks through regular operating and financing activities and, when we consider it to be appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We do not purchase, hold or sell derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 19 We depend on our supply chain for components and sub-assemblies used in our 3D printers and other products and for raw materials used in our print materials. If these relationships were to terminate or be disrupted , our business could be disrupted while we locate d alternative supplier s and our expenses may increase. W e have outsourced the assembly of certain of our printers to third party suppliers, we purchase components and sub-assemblies for our printers from third party suppliers, and we purchase raw materials that are used in our print materials , as well as certain of those print materials, from third party suppliers. While there are several potential suppliers of the components, parts and sub - assemblies for our products, we currently choose to use only one or a limited number of suppliers for several of these components, including our lasers, print materials and certain jetting components. Our reliance on a single or limited number of suppliers involves many risks including: · Potential shortages of some key components; · Disruptions in the operations of these suppliers; · Product performance shortfalls; and · Reduced control over delivery schedules, assembly capabilities, quality and costs. While we believe that we can obtain all the components necessary for our products from other manufacturers, we require any new supplier to become “qualified” pursuant to our internal procedures, which could involve evaluation processes of varying duration s . We generally have our printers and other products assembled based on our internal forecasts and the supply of raw materials, assemblies, components and finished goods from third parties, which are subject to various lead times . In addition, at any time, certain suppliers may decide to discontinue production of an assembly, component or raw material that we use. Any unanticipated change in the source s of our supplies, or unanticipated supply limitations, could increase production or related costs and consequently reduce margins. If our forecasts exceed actual orders, we may hold large inventories of slow-moving or unusable parts, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow, profitability and results of operations . Inversely, we may lose orders if our forecast is low and we are unable to meet demand. We have engaged selected design and manufacturing companies to assemble certain of our production printers . In carrying out these outsourcing activities, we face a number of risks, including: · The risk that the parties that we retain to perform assembly activities may not perform in a satisfactory manner; · The risk of disruption in the supply of printers or other products to our customers if such third parties either fail to perform in a satisfactory manner or are unable to supply us with the quantity of printers or other products that are needed to meet then current customer demand ; and · The risk of insolvency of these suppliers, as well as the risks that we face, as discussed above, in dealing with a limited number of suppliers. 20 Our operations could suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key management or other key employees. Our success depends upon the continued service and performance of our senior management and other key personnel. Our senior executive team is critical to the management of our business and operations, as well as to the development of our strategy. The loss of the services of one or more members of our senior executive team could delay or prevent the successful implementation of our growth strategy, or our commercialization of new applications for our systems or other products, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability to manage our company effectively and carry out our business plan. Members of our senior management team may resign at any time. High demand exists for senior management and other key personnel (including scientific, technical and sales personnel) in the 3D printing industry, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain such personnel. We experience intense competition for qualified personnel. While we intend to continue to provide competitive compensation packages to attract and retain key personnel, some of our competitors for these employees have greater resources and more experience, making it difficult for us to compete successfully for key personnel. If we cannot attract and retain sufficiently qualified technical employees for our research and development and manufacturing operations, we may be unable to achieve the synergies expected from mergers and acquisitions that we may effect from time to time, or to develop and commercialize new products or new applications for existing products. Furthermore, possible shortages of key personnel, including engineers, in the regions surrounding our facilities could require us to pay more to hire and retain key personnel, thereby increasing our costs . Our p r odu c t s a n d serv i ce s ma y ex p er i e n c e qu a li t y p r ob l em s f r o m t i m e t o t i m e t h a t ca n res u l t in d ecrease d sa l e s a n d op era t i n g mar g i n a n d h ar m t o our re pu t a t i on . We sell comple x hardwar e an d softwar e product s, materials an d service s tha t ca n contai n desig n an d manufacturin g defects . Sophisticate d softwar e an d applications , suc h a s thos e sol d b y us , may contai n “bugs ” tha t ca n unexpectedl y interfer e wit h th e software’ s intende d operation . Defect s ma y als o occu r i n component s an d product s we purchase fro m thir d parties . Ther e ca n b e n o assuranc e we wil l b e abl e t o detec t an d fi x al l defect s i n th e hardware , softwar e, materials an d service s we sell . Failur e t o d o s o coul d resul t i n los t revenue , significan t warrant y an d othe r expense s an d har m t o our reputation . We may be subject to product liability claims, which could result in material expense, diversion of management time and attention and damage to our business reputation. Products as complex as those we offer may contain undetected defects or errors when first introduced or as enhancements are released that, despite testing, are not discovered until after the product has been installed and used by customers. This could result in lost revenue, delayed market place acceptance of the product, claims from customers or others, damage to our reputation and business or significant costs to correct the defect or error. We attempt to include provisions in our agreements with customers that are designed to limit our exposure to potential liability for damages arising from defects or errors in our products. However, the nature and extent of these limitations vary from customer to customer . Their effect is subject to a variety of legal limitations and it is possible that these limitations may not be effective as a result of unfavorable judicial decisions or laws enacted in the future. The sale and support of our products entails the risk of product liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us, regardless of its merit, could result in material expense, diversion of management time and attention, damage to our business reputation and failure to retain existing customers or to attract new customers. We face risks in connection with changes in energy-related expenses. We and our suppliers depend on various energy products in processes used to produce our products. Generally, we acquire products at market prices and do not use financial instruments to hedge energy prices. As a result, we are exposed to market risks related to changes in energy prices. In addition, many of the customers and industries to whom we market our products and services are directly or indirectly dependent upon the cost and availability of energy resources. Our business and profitability may be adversely affected to the extent that our or our customers’ energy-related expenses increase, both as a result of higher costs of producing, and potentially lower profit margins in selling, our products and services and because increased energy costs may cause our customers to delay or reduce purchases of our products and services. 21 We rely on our management information systems for inventory management, distribution, and other key functions. If our information systems fail to adequately perform these functions, or if we experience an interruption in their operation, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely on our management information systems: to, among other things, effectively manage our accounting and financial functions, including maintaining our internal controls; to manage our manufacturing and supply chain processes; and to maintain our research and development data. The failure of our management information systems to perform properly could disrupt our business and product development, which may result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess or obsolete inventory, and product shortages, causing our business and operating results to suffer. Although we take steps to secure our management information systems, including our computer systems, intranet and Internet sites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, the security measures we have implemented may not be effective and our systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches, natural or man-made disasters, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. Our reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or otherwise, our operations are disrupted or shut down; our confidential, proprietary information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required to pay fines in connection with stolen customer, employee, or other confidential information; we must dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we otherwise incur significant litigation or other costs. Our common stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. The market price of our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, considerable volatility. Between January 1, 201 3 and December 31, 201 4 , after giving effect to the three-for-two stock split in the nature of a 50% stock dividend that we distributed in February 2013, the trading price of our common stock has ranged from a low of $ 28.38 per share to a high of $ 96.42 per share. Numerous factors could have a significant effect on the price of our common stock, including those described or referred to in this “Risk Factors” section of this Form 10-K, as well as, among other things: · O ur perceived value in the securities markets ; · O verall trends in the stock market; · A nnouncements of fluctuations in our operating results or the operating results of one or more of our competitors; · T he impact of changes in our results of operations, our financial condition or our prospects or on how we are perceived in the securities markets; · Future sales of our common stock or other securities (including any shares issued in connection with earn-out obligations for any past or future acquisition) ; · M arket conditions for providers of products and services such as ours; · C hanges in recommendations or earnings estimates by securities analysts; and · A nnouncements of acquisitions by us or one of our competitors. The number of shares of common stock issuable in a stock offering , the issuance of restricted stock awards or the issuance of shares in connection with certain acquisitions or the conversion of the notes could dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders and may affect the market price for our common stock. We may issue additional securities , from time to time , as necessary to provide flexibility to execute our growth strategy . We rais ed net proceeds of approximately $ 299.7 million and $272.1 million through issuances of common stock in 2014 and 2013, respectively . Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes our issuance of up to a total 220.0 million shares of common stock, of which 112.2 million shares have been issued or are otherwise currently reserved for issuance. Future issuances could have the effect of diluting our earnings per share as well as our existing stockholders’ individual ownership percentages and could lead to volatility in our common stock price. 22 Additionally, subject to the limitations of our Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, we are not restricted from issuing additional common stock, including securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to re ceive, common stock. The issuance of additional shares of our common stock in connection with future acquisitions or other issuances of our common stock or convertible securities, including outstanding options, may dilute the ownership interest of our common stockholders. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other equity-related securities in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common stock or other equity-related securities would have on the market price of our common stock. Our business involves the use of hazardous materials, and we must comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. Our business involves the blending, controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials. We and our suppliers are subject to federal, state and local as well as foreign laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by us for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, state, federal or foreign authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. If we are subject to any liability as a result of activities involving hazardous materials, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected and our reputation may be harmed. Regulations related to conflict-free minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and may create challenges with our customers. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo (the “DRC”) and adjoining countries. The SEC has established annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use “conflict” minerals sourced from the DRC and adjoining countri es in their products. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering conflict-free minerals, we cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain these conflict-free minerals in sufficient quantities or at competitive p rices. Compliance with these requirements may also increase our costs, including costs that may be incurred in conducting due diligence procedures to determine the sources of certain minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. In addition, we may face challenges with our customers if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the minerals used in our products. Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 5 million shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 5 million shares of preferred stock, none of which is currently issued or outstanding. The Board of Directors is authorized to issue these shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series without further action of the stockholders and in that regard to determine the issue price, rights, preferences and privileges of any such class or series of preferred stock generally without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock may adversely a ffect the rights of holders of common stock . Our ability to issue preferred stock gives us flexibility concerning possible acquisitions and financings, but it could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding common stock . In addition, any preferred stock that is issued may have other rights, including dividend rights, liquidation preferences and other economic rights, senior to the common stock , which could have a n adverse effect on the market value of our common stock . Certain provisions of Delaware law contain anti-takeover provisions that may make it more difficult to effect a change in our control. Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law could delay or prevent an acquisition or change in control and the replacement of our incumbent directors and management, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders by providing them with the opportunity to sell their shares , possibly at a premium over the then mar ket price of our common stock. One of these Delaware laws prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder (as defined in the statute) for a period of three years from the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless certain conditions are met . 23 Changes in , or interpretation of , tax rules and regulations may impact our effective tax rate and future profitability. We are a U.S. based, multinational company subject to tax ation in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in statutory tax rates or interpretation of tax rules and regulations in jurisdictions in which we do business, changes in the amount of revenue or earnings in the countries with varying statutory tax rates, or by changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we are subject to audits and examinations of previously filed income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS ”) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential impact of such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that we expect may result from the current exami nations. We believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, there is no assurance that the final determination of any examination will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position. We are subject to U.S. and other anti-corruption laws, trade controls, economic sanctions, and similar laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to civil, criminal and administrative penalties and harm our reputation. Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations place restrictions on our operations, trade practices, partners and investments. In particular, our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and United Kingdom Bribery Act (the “Bribery Act”), export controls and economic sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the State Department's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (“DDTC”), and the Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”). As a result of doing business in foreign countries and with foreign customers, we are exposed to a heightened risk of violating anti-corruption and trade control laws and sanctions regulations. As part of our business, we may deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees of which are considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA’s prohibition on providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business advantage. In addition, the provisions of the Bribery Act extend beyond bribery of foreign public officials and also apply to transactions with individuals that a government does not employ. Some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have higher than normal levels of corruption. Our continued expansion outside the U.S., including in developing countries, and our development of new partnerships and joint venture relationships worldwide, could increase the risk of FCPA, OFAC or Bribery Act violations in the future. As an exporter, we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws include the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) administered by the DDTC, the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) administered by the BIS, and trade sanctions against embargoed countries and destinations administered by OFAC. The EAR governs products, parts, technology and software which present military or weapons proliferation concerns, so-called “dual use” items, and ITAR governs military items listed on the United States Munitions List. Prior to shipping certain items, we must obtain an export license or verify that license exemptions are available. Any failures to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, adverse publicity and restrictions on our ability to export our products, and repeat failures could carry more significant penalties. Violations of anti-corruption and trade control laws and sanctions regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. We have established policies and procedures designed to assist our compliance with applicable U.S. and international anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations, including the FCPA, the Bribery Act and trade controls and sanctions programs administered by OFAC, the DDTC and BIS, and have trained our employees to comply with these laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants, agents or other associated persons will not take actions in violation of our policies and these laws and regulations, and that our policies and procedures will effectively prevent us from violating these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage or provide a defense to any alleged violation. In particular, we may be held liable for the actions that our joint venture partners take inside or outside of the United States, even though our partners may not be subject to these laws. Such a violation, even if our policies prohibit it, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, various state and municipal governments, universities and other investors maintain prohibitions or restrictions on investments in companies that do business with sanctioned countries, persons and entities, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 24 Item 1B