 Risks Related to Our Business Risks Related to the Growth of Our Business If we do not continually develop and commercialize new or enhanced products and services, our business may not grow. Our success depends in large part on our continual, timely development and commercialization of new or enhanced products and services that address evolving market requirements and are attractive to customers. The life science and clinical diagnostic research markets are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. Standardization of tools and systems for genetic research is still ongoing and we cannot assure you that our products will emerge as the standard for genetic research. Other companies may introduce new technologies, techniques, products or services that render our products or services obsolete or uneconomical. If we do not appropriately innovate and invest in new technologies, then our technologies will become dated and our customers could move to new technologies offered by our competitors. As a result, we are continually looking to develop, license or acquire new or enhanced technologies, products and services to further broaden and deepen our offerings. Some of the factors affecting market acceptance of our products and services include: • availability, quality and price as compared to competitive technologies, products and services; • the functionality of new and existing products and services, and whether they address market requirements; • the timing of introduction of our technologies, products and services as compared to competitive technologies, products and services; • the existence of product defects; • scientists' and customers' opinions of the utility of our products and services and our ability to incorporate their feedback into future products and services; • citation of our products in published research; and • general trends in life science and clinical diagnostics research and life science informatics software development. Our new or enhanced technologies, products or services may not be accepted by customers in our target markets. For example, once we have developed or obtained a new technology, we may fail to successfully commercialize new products and services based on that technology, particularly to the extent that our new products and services compete with established technologies or the products and services of more established competitors. Risks relating to product adoptions include the 15 inability to accurately forecast demand and difficulties in managing different sales and support requirements due to the type or complexity of the new products. Further, many of our current and potential customers have limited budgets. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the successful introduction of new or enhanced products or services will not adversely affect sales of our current products and services or that customers which currently purchase our products or services will increase their aggregate spending as a result of the introduction of new products and services. Emerging opportunities in molecular diagnostics may not develop as quickly as we expect and we depend, in part, on the efforts of our partners to be successful. The clinical applications of our technologies for diagnosing and enabling informed disease management options in the treatment of disease is an emerging opportunity in molecular diagnostics. At this time, we cannot be certain that molecular diagnostic markets will develop as quickly as we expect. Although we believe that there will be clinical applications of our technologies that will be utilized for diagnosing and enabling informed disease management options in the treatment of disease, there can be no certainty of the technical or commercial success our technologies will achieve in such markets. Our success in the molecular diagnostics market depends, in part, on our collaborative relationships and the ability of our collaborative partners to achieve regulatory approval for such products in the United States and in overseas markets and successfully market and sell products using our technologies. Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to acquire new businesses and technologies and successfully integrate acquisitions, which may absorb significant resources and may not be successful. As part of our strategy to develop and identify new technologies, products and services, we have acquired and may continue to acquire new businesses and technologies. Our integration of the operations of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing and finance. Our efforts to successfully integrate acquisitions may result in additional expenses and divert significant amounts of management's time from other projects. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the combined company could also have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, there is no guarantee that businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so. If our acquisitions do not meet our initial expectations, we may record impairment charges. Factors that will affect the success of our acquisitions include: • our ability to retain key employees of the acquired company; • the performance of the acquired business, technology, product or service; • our ability to integrate operations, financial and other systems; • the ability of the combined company to achieve synergies among its constituent companies, such as increasing sales of the combined company's products and services, achieving expected cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products and services; • any disruption in order fulfillment or loss of sales due to integration processes, including relationships with suppliers or distributors; • the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; • any decrease in customer and distributor loyalty and product orders caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies' product lines and sales and marketing practices, including price increases; and • our assumption of known contingent liabilities that are realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, or unknown liabilities that come to light, to the extent that the realization of any of these liabilities increases our expenses or adversely affects our business or financial position. 16 Any difficulties and costs associated with the integration of eBioscience could negatively affect our results of operations and ability to execute our strategy. Risks Related to our Indebtedness Our indebtedness could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2014 , we had an aggregate of $128.0 million of outstanding indebtedness, of which $23.0 million is outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facility and $105.0 million is outstanding under our 4.00% Notes. Our indebtedness could materially adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our borrowing costs. Refer to Note 12. "Long Term Debt Obligations" in the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding our Senior Secured Credit Facility and 4.00% Notes. Increased levels of indebtedness may reduce funds available for our investment in product development as well as capital expenditures and other activities, increase our borrowing costs and create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. In addition, our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, regulatory, legal and other known and unknown factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance we can manage these risks successfully. If we are unable to generate cash flow sufficient to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, despite our current consolidated debt levels, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, including our Senior Secured Credit Facility. We may not be able to finance future needs or adapt our business plan to changes because of restrictions placed on us by the Senior Secured Credit Facility and future instruments governing our indebtedness. The terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facility include various covenants that limit our ability, and that of our subsidiaries, to, among other things: • incur additional debt, including guarantees by us or our subsidiaries; • make investments, pay dividends on our capital stock, redeem or repurchase our capital stock, redeem or repurchase the notes or any subordinated obligations; • create liens; • make capital expenditures; • dispose of assets; • make acquisitions; • create or permit restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us; • engage in transactions with affiliates; • engage in sale and leaseback transactions; and • consolidate or merge with or into other companies or sell all or substantially all of our assets. Our ability to comply with covenants contained in the Senior Secured Credit Facility and any future agreements governing other indebtedness to which we are or may become a party may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial, regulatory and industry conditions. The Senior Secured Credit Facility requires us to comply with financial performance covenants, including, without limitation, a minimum interest coverage ratio and maximum senior leverage multiple. Any additional indebtedness we incur in the future may subject us to further covenants. 17 Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the agreements governing the relevant indebtedness. In addition, unless cured or waived, the default could result in acceleration under our other instruments that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions, including our 4.00% Notes, which could require us to repay or repurchase indebtedness, together with accrued interest, prior to the date it otherwise is due and that could adversely affect our financial condition. We may not be able to repay all amounts due in the event these amounts are declared due upon any event of default. Upon a default or cross-default the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facility could foreclose against the collateral. Risks Related to Our Sales We face significant competition, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We compete with companies that develop, manufacture and market genetic analysis tools for the life science and clinical healthcare markets. We face significant competition as our competitors and new companies develop new, improved or more economical products, services and technologies. The market for our products and services is highly competitive, has high barriers to entry and has several other large companies with significant market share. For example, companies such as Illumina, Agilent Technologies and Life Technologies have products for genetic analysis that are directly competitive with certain of our products. In addition, Illumina, Life Technologies and BGI-Shenzhen also offer DNA sequencing technology which we do not offer. As the costs of DNA sequencing fall, we will face increased competition in certain of our existing and potential markets. We also face competition from established diagnostic companies such as Danaher, Becton, Dickinson and Company, bioMérieux, Celera Diagnostics, Johnson & Johnson, Hologic and Roche Diagnostics, which have made strategic commitments to diagnostics, have financial and other resources to invest in new technologies, and have substantial intellectual property portfolios, substantial experience in new product development and regulatory expertise. In addition, our collaborative partners may compete with us. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, many current and potential competitors have greater name recognition, more extensive customer bases and access to proprietary genetic content. Our eBioscience segment competes in the life science research market with companies such as Becton, Dickinson and Company, BioLegend Inc., Abcam plc, Thermo Fisher, Danaher, as well as some smaller companies. A number of competitors employ bundled arrangements in which customers pay for consumable products (such as reagent test kits), services and the related instruments under a single arrangement, including arrangements where the customer commits to purchase a minimum volume of consumable products annually. Since we do not currently produce instruments for this market, and bundled arrangements can allow competitors to offer lower prices for competing products, customer demand for these bundled arrangements could lead to loss of market share or force us to supply products at a discount. Reduction or delay in research and development budgets and government funding may adversely impact our sales. We expect that our revenue in the foreseeable future will be derived from products and services provided to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as a number of academic, governmental and other research institutions. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially due to reductions and delays in research and development expenditures by these customers. Factors that could affect the spending levels of our customers include: • changes in government programs, including available funding, which support research and development expenditures by companies and research institutions; • weakness in the global economy and changing market conditions that affect our customers; • changes in the extent to which the pharmaceutical industry may use genetic information and genetic testing as a methodology for drug discovery and development; • changes in the regulatory environment affecting life science companies and life science research; 18 • impact of consolidation within the pharmaceutical industry; and • cost reduction initiatives of customers. Budgets in the research-use-only market have been particularly challenged in recent periods, which we believe has had an adverse effect on us. A significant or prolonged change in research funding, particularly with respect to the U.S. National Institutes of Health, including funding reductions that may result from scheduled automatic federal budget sequestration provisions, could have an adverse impact on future revenues and results of operations. As we implement our strategy to expand into new markets, the size and structure of our current sales, marketing and technical support organizations may limit our ability to sell our products and services. As we implement our strategy to expand into new markets, we may not be able to establish a sales, marketing and technical support organization sufficient to sell, market and support all of our new products, or to cover all of the regions that we target globally. To assist our sales and support activities, we have entered into distribution agreements through certain distributors, principally in markets outside of North America and Europe. In addition, we may enter into distribution arrangements with respect to some of our products that we believe will be better served in such arrangements than our current sales and marketing organizations. We have less control over other third parties on whom we rely for sales, marketing and technical support. In addition, these third parties may decide to develop and sell competitive products or otherwise become our competitors, which could harm our business. Consolidation trends in both our market and many of our customers' markets have increased competition. There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for the past several years. We expect this trend toward industry consolidation to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in operating results and could harm our business. Additionally, there has been a trend toward consolidation in many of the customer markets we sell to, in particular the pharmaceutical industry. Consolidation in our customer markets results in increased competition for important market segments and fewer available accounts, and larger consolidated customers may be able to exert increased pricing pressure on companies in our market. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with collaborative partners and licensors, we may have difficulty developing and selling our products and services. Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships and licenses with key companies as well as with key academic researchers. In particular, we depend on third parties for in-licensed technology and components for a variety of our product lines. We collaborate with a number of instrumentation and reagent companies, including Danaher Corporation, CapitalBio, Genisphere, Hamilton Robotics, Thermo Fisher, Luminex, Siemens Medical Solutions Diagnostics, Takara Bio Inc., New England Biolabs, and Qiagen. Some of these collaborators, like Thermo Fisher, Takara Bio, New England Biolabs, and Luminex, are currently sole suppliers of components of some of our reagent kits but they are also our competitors. Relying on our collaborative relationships is risky to our future success because: • our partners may develop technologies or components competitive with our products and services; • our existing collaborations may preclude us from entering into additional future arrangements or impact the integration of acquired businesses and technologies; • our partners may not obtain regulatory approvals necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; • some of our agreements may terminate prematurely due to disagreements between us and our partners or licensors; • our partners may not devote sufficient resources to the development and sale of our products and services; • our partners may be unable to provide the resources required for us to progress in the collaboration on a timely basis; 19 • our collaborations may be unsuccessful; or • some of our agreements have expired and we may not be able to negotiate future collaborative arrangements or renew current licenses on acceptable terms. The ability to retain and gain access to technologies necessary to develop new products will depend, in part, on our ability to convince third parties that our combined company can successfully commercialize the technologies we seek to license. The inability to maintain or to acquire any third-party licenses, or integrate the related third-party technologies into these products, could result in delays in our product developments and enhancements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully identify new products developed by others in the life science research and clinical healthcare markets or otherwise and, if identified, to negotiate license agreements on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Risks Related to the Manufacturing of Our Products We depend on a limited number of suppliers. We will be unable to launch or commercialize our products in a timely manner if our suppliers are unable to meet our requirements or if shipments from these suppliers are delayed or interrupted. We outsource the manufacturing of our instruments to a limited number of suppliers. Some of our instruments and other key parts of our product lines, including components of our manufacturing equipment and certain raw materials used in the manufacture of our products are currently only available from a single supplier. Therefore, we depend on our suppliers to supply our instruments, or components of our products, in required volumes, at appropriate quality and reliability levels, and in compliance with regulatory requirements on a timely basis. If supplies from these vendors do not meet our requirements, or were delayed or interrupted for any reason, we would not be able to commercialize our products successfully or in a timely fashion, and our business could be adversely impacted. Our business is dependent on our ability to forecast our needs for components and products in our product lines and our suppliers' ability to deliver such components and products in time to meet critical manufacturing and product release schedules. Our business could be adversely affected, for example, if suppliers fail to meet product release schedules, if we experience supply constraints, if we fail to negotiate favorable pricing or if we experience any other interruption or delay in the supply chain which interferes with our ability to manufacture our products or manage our inventory levels. We may lose customers or sales if we are unable to meet customer demand for our products on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if we are unable to ensure the proper performance and quality of our products. We produce our products in an innovative and complicated manufacturing process which has the potential for significant variability in manufacturing yields. We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, difficulties in manufacturing our products and, due to the complexity of our products and our manufacturing process, we may experience delays in the manufacture of our products or fail to ensure their proper performance or quality. As we develop new and enhanced products, we must be able to resolve in a timely, cost-effective manner manufacturing issues that may arise from time to time. We base our manufacturing capabilities on our product mix forecast for the quarter. If the actual product mix varies significantly from our forecast, we may not be able to fill some orders during that quarter, which could adversely impact our financial results. Difficulties in meeting customer, collaborator and internal demand could also cause us to lose customers or require us to delay new product introductions, which could in turn result in reduced demand for our products. We rely on internal quality control procedures to verify our manufacturing processes. Due to the complexity of our products and manufacturing process, however, it is possible that products that do not meet all of our performance specifications may not be identified before they are shipped. If our products do not consistently meet our customers' performance expectations, demand for our products will decline. In addition, we do not maintain any backup manufacturing capabilities for the production of our products. Any interruption in our ability to continue operations at our existing manufacturing facilities could delay our ability to develop or sell our products, which could result in lost revenue and seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may need to adjust our manufacturing capacity based on business requirements or improvements made to our technological capabilities and there are risks associated with such adjustment. If demand for our products is reduced or if we implement technologies that increase the density or yields of our wafers, our manufacturing capacity could be under-utilized and some of our long-lived assets, including facilities and 20 equipment, may be impaired, which would increase our expenses. In addition, factory planning decisions may shorten the useful lives of long-lived assets including facilities and equipment, and cause us to accelerate depreciation. These changes in demand for our products, and changes in our customers' product needs, could have a variety of negative effects on our competitive position and our financial results, and, in certain cases, may reduce our revenue, increase our costs, lower our gross margin percentage or require us to recognize impairments of our assets. In addition, if demand for our products is reduced or we fail to accurately forecast demand, we could be required to write down inventory since certain of our products have a limited shelf life, which would have a negative impact on our gross margin. We have in the past, and may in the future, adjust our manufacturing capacity based on business requirements, which may include the rationalization of our facilities, including the abandonment of long-lived manufacturing assets and additional charges related to a reduction in capacity. Manufacturing and product quality issues may arise as we launch new products in our Singapore, Ohio, San Diego and Vienna facilities and rely upon manufacturing by third parties. We may lose customers if we are unable to manufacture products or if we experience delays in the manufacture of our products as a result of this transition. We may not be able to deliver acceptable products to our customers due to the rapidly evolving nature of genetic sequence information upon which our products are based. The genetic sequence information upon which we rely to develop and manufacture our products is contained in a variety of databases throughout the world. These databases are rapidly expanding and evolving. In addition, the accuracy of these databases and resulting genetic research is dependent on various scientific interpretations and it is not expected that global genetic research efforts will result in standardized genetic sequence databases for particular genomes in the near future. Although we have implemented ongoing internal quality control efforts to help ensure the quality and accuracy of our products, the fundamental nature of our products requires us to rely on genetic sequence databases and scientific interpretations which are continuously evolving. As a result, these variables may cause us to develop and manufacture products that incorporate sequence errors or ambiguities. The magnitude and importance of these errors will depend upon multiple and complex factors that would be considered in determining the appropriate actions required to remedy any inaccuracies. Our inability to timely deliver acceptable products as a result of these factors would likely adversely affect our relationship with customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Operations We may not achieve sustained profitability. Prior to 2002, we incurred losses each year since our inception, and we reported losses in 2006 and from 2008 through 2013. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $509.6 million as of December 31, 2014 . Our ability to achieve sustained profitability will depend, in part, on the rate of growth of our revenue and on the level of our expenses. We reported year-over-year revenue growth in 2014, 2013 and 2012 compared to a trend of declining revenue in 2011. The 2013 and 2012 revenue growth was primarily due to the acquisition of eBioscience mid-2012 that continues to grow revenues. Revenue growth in 2014 was driven by increased product and service sales across the portfolio offset by declines in our Expression Business Unit. We have reported continued decreases in revenue for Affymetrix Core in the past. There can be no assurance that our revenue will not decrease in future periods. We reported cost savings during fiscal 2013 largely driven by corporate restructuring in early 2013. We have also reported income from operations in 2014 and will continue to explore opportunities to grow our revenue and income from operations; however, there can be no assurance that anticipated growth will materialize. We expect to continue incurring significant expenses related to research and development, sales and marketing efforts to commercialize our products, litigation and non-cash stock based compensation, and we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our operating results. If our revenue grows more slowly than we anticipate, if our gross margins are lower than we project or if our operating expenses are above what we expect or cannot be reduced in the event of lower revenue, we may not become profitable on a sustained basis, or at all. If we do not attract and retain key employees, our business could be impaired. To be successful, we must attract and retain qualified scientific, engineering, manufacturing, sales, marketing and management personnel. To expand our research, product development and sales efforts we need additional people skilled in areas such as bioinformatics, organic chemistry, molecular biology, information services, regulatory affairs, manufacturing, sales, marketing and technical support. Competition for these people is intense, and our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees. For example, our stock price has been volatile in recent years, resulting in a significant number of stock options granted to our employees having a strike price that is higher than the current trading price of our common stock. We cannot be assured that these equity awards will be successful in retaining and incentivizing key employees. If we are unable to hire, train 21 and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, we will not be able to expand our business or our business could be adversely affected. We also rely on our scientific advisors and consultants to assist us in formulating our research, development and commercialization strategy. All of these individuals are engaged by other employers and have commitments to other entities that may limit their availability to us. Our results may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A significant amount of our revenue is currently generated from sales outside the United States, predominantly in Europe and Japan. Although such transactions are denominated in both U.S. dollars and foreign currencies, our future revenue, gross margin, expenses and financial condition are still affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Increases in the value of the U.S. dollar could increase the price of our products so that they become relatively more expensive to customers in a particular country, possibly leading to a reduction in sales and profitability in that country. Also, if our international sales increase, we may enter into a greater number of transactions denominated in foreign currencies, which would expose us to greater foreign currency risks, including changes in currency exchange rates. In particular, given the fluctuations in Euro and Japanese Yen in the second half of 2014, we have been exposed to an increased risk environment. Gains and losses on the conversion to U.S. dollars of such revenues and of other associated monetary assets and liabilities, as well as profits and losses incurred in certain countries, may contribute to fluctuations in the value of our assets and our results of operations. We also have costs and expenses that are denominated in foreign currencies, and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar could result in increases in such costs that could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. In addition, fluctuating values between the U.S. dollar and other currencies can result in currency gains which are used in the computation of foreign taxes and can increase foreign taxable income. Additionally, the assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are denominated in foreign currencies and translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Generally, such assets are adversely affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to manage a portion of the volatility related to transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies. We will experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain instances if it is not possible or cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposure or should we suspend our foreign currency forward contracts. Our ultimate realized loss or gain with respect to currency fluctuations will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, whether we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to offset these exposures and other factors. If we are unable to address these risks and challenges effectively, our results of operations and financial position could suffer. Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our business. Our international operations are subject to unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements, including export and trade barriers and taxes; longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection. We also are subject to general geopolitical risks in connection with international operations, such as political, social and economic instability, including austerity measures, potential hostilities, epidemics and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships. We cannot assure investors that one or more of the foregoing factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results or require us to modify our current business practices. As we expand our development and commercialization activities outside of the United States, we will be subject to an increased risk of inadvertently conducting activities in a manner that violates the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. If that occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. We are also subject to the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both public and private sectors. In the course of establishing and expanding our commercial operations and seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States, we will need to establish and expand business relationships with various third parties and we will interact more frequently with foreign officials, including regulatory authorities. Expanded programs to maintain compliance with such laws will be costly and may not be effective. Any interactions with any such parties or individuals where compensation is provided 22 that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and could materially harm our business. Furthermore, any finding of a violation under one country's laws may increase the likelihood that we will be prosecuted and be found to have violated another country's laws. If our business practices outside the United States are found to be in violation of the FCPA, UK Anti-Bribery Act or other similar law, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our effective tax rate may vary significantly. Our operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the United States and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. Estimates and judgments are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Some of these estimates are based on interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations. The ultimate amount of tax liability may be uncertain as a result. Changes in overall levels and the geographic mix of pretax earnings may adversely impact our effective tax rate. Certain jurisdictions have lower tax rates, and the amount of earnings in these jurisdictions may fluctuate. If we do not have profitable operations in these jurisdictions, our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted. Changes in tax laws, regulatory requirements, our treasury plans, and applicability of tax holidays and incentive programs in the countries in which we operate could have a material impact on our tax provision. Tax authorities may challenge the allocation of profits between our subsidiaries and conformance with requirements of tax holidays and incentive programs and we may not prevail in any such challenge. If we were not to prevail, we could be subject to higher tax rates or double tax. Estimates are required in determining any valuation allowance to be recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Changes in the amount of valuation allowance required may significantly impact our financial results of operations. Changes in other categories of earnings such as discontinued operations and other comprehensive income may affect our tax provision allocated to continuing operations. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities in the U.S. and multiple foreign jurisdictions. Failure in our information technology systems or unforeseen problems with the implementation and maintenance of our information systems could disrupt our operations and cause the loss of customers or business opportunities. Information technology ("IT") systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including sales forecast, order fulfillment and billing, making payments, shipping products, tracking customers, filling contractual obligations, customer service, logistics and management of data from running samples on our products. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems. IT systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, power loss, human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite the security measures we have implemented, our IT systems may be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets and similar disruptive problems. We also have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems. Nevertheless, we may experience damages to our systems, and system failures and interruptions. As a part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we are implementing new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. As we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. Such problems could adversely impact our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders or otherwise run our business in a timely manner. In addition, if our new systems fail to provide accurate and increased visibility into pricing and cost structures, it may be difficult to improve or maximize our profit margins. As a result, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data, or reduced functionality. Certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. If we experience systems problems, they may interrupt our ability to operate and adversely affect our reputation and result in a loss of customers and revenues. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information, and that of our customers, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. The secure maintenance of this information is important to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to 23 employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our systems and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and damage to our reputation. Risks Related to Our Investments Our strategic equity investments may result in losses. We periodically make strategic equity investments in various public and private companies with businesses or technologies that may complement our business. The market values of these strategic equity investments may fluctuate due to market conditions and other conditions over which we have no control. Other-than-temporary declines in the market price and valuations of the securities that we hold in other companies have required us to record losses relative to our ownership interest. This could result in future charges to our earnings. It is uncertain whether or not we will realize any long-term benefits associated with these strategic investments. Risks Related to Government Regulation We and our customers are subject to various government regulations, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with, and experience delays in our product commercialization as a result of, these regulations. The FDA has jurisdiction over medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic test kits and the reagents and instrumentation used to perform these tests. In vitro diagnostic tests, reagents, and instruments may be subject to pre-market review and post-market controls by the FDA. Certain in vitro diagnostic products must also be approved by foreign regulatory agencies before the product can be sold outside the United States. Commercialization of our and our collaborative partners' in vitro diagnostic products outside of the research environment may depend upon successful completion of clinical trials. Clinical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process and we do not know whether we, or any of our collaborative partners, will be permitted to undertake the clinical trial(s) required to support a marketing application for any potential in vitro diagnostic products. It may take us or our collaborative partners many years to complete any such testing, and failure can occur at any stage. Delays or regulatory rejections of potential products may be encountered based on changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and regulatory agency review. Moreover, if and when our projects reach clinical trials, we, or our collaborative partners, may decide to discontinue development of any or all of these projects at any time for commercial, scientific or other reasons. Any of the foregoing matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of our products are labeled “for research use only." Products labeled “for research use only” are not subject to premarket clearance or approval by the FDA, but are subject to limited, specific regulation with respect to their labeling. Merely including a labeling statement that a product is intended for research use only will not necessarily render the product exempt from the FDA’s clearance, approval, or other requirements. FDA may look to the totality of the circumstances surrounding the distribution of the product to determine whether the manufacturer intends for its product to be offered for clinical diagnostic use (versus for research use only). Written or verbal statements in any labeling, advertising or promotion, including performance claims, instructions for clinical interpretation, clinical information, and statements that suggest a clinical laboratory can validate a test through its own procedures and subsequently offer it for clinical use, the manufacturer’s provision of technical support for clinical applications, and solicitation of business from clinical laboratories may be considered by FDA as evidence of intended uses that conflict with research use only labeling. Even when a product is not otherwise subject to FDA’s clearance or approval requirements, the FDA may impose restrictions as to manner in which we can market and sell our products. Such restrictions may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA, CMS, state authorities and foreign government regulators are increasingly focused on genetic analysis tools, including the use of arrays that are labeled for research use only, by clinical laboratories in LDTs. Historically, the FDA has exercised enforcement discretion with respect to most LDTs and has not required laboratories that furnish LDTs to comply with the agency’s requirements for medical devices. In recent years, however, the FDA has stated it intends to end its policy of general enforcement discretion and regulate certain LDTs as medical devices. To this end, on October 3, 2014, the FDA issued two draft guidance documents, entitled “Framework for Regulatory Oversight of Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs)” and “FDA Notification and Medical Device Reporting for Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs)”, respectively, that set forth a proposed risk-based regulatory framework that would apply varying levels of FDA oversight to LDTs. The FDA has indicated that it does not intend to modify its policy of enforcement discretion until the draft guidance documents are finalized, and even then, the new regulatory requirements are proposed to be phased-in consistent with the schedule set forth in the guidance (in as 24 little as 12 months after the draft guidance is finalized for certain high-priority LDTs). Nevertheless, the FDA may decide to regulate certain LDTs on a case-by-case basis at any time. Legislative proposals addressing the FDA’s oversight of LDTs have been introduced in previous Congresses, and we expect that new legislative proposals will be introduced from time-to-time. The likelihood that Congress will pass such legislation and the extent to which such legislation may affect the FDA’s plans to regulate certain LDTs as medical devices is difficult to predict at this time. We cannot predict the extent of future regulatory requirements with respect to the sale and use of arrays. If regulations or enforcement policies restrict our customers' use of our products, or if we otherwise are required to obtain FDA premarket clearance or approval prior to commercializing our products, our ability to generate revenue from the sale of our products may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. Our failure to comply with governmental rules and regulations related to our products could cause us to incur significant adverse publicity, or subject us to investigations, notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, civil monetary penalties, recall or seizure of products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, delays in or challenges to premarket clearance or approval, restrictions on labeling and promotion of our products, or criminal prosecution. Medical device laws and regulations are also in effect in many countries, ranging from comprehensive device approval requirements to requests for product data or certifications. The number and scope of these requirements are increasing. We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals in such countries or may incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining our foreign regulatory approvals. In addition, the export by us of certain of our products which have not yet been cleared for domestic commercial distribution may be subject to FDA or other export restrictions. We have agreements to sell certain products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. Our failure to comply with these requirements might result in suspension of these contracts or administrative or other penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future government grants, contracts and programs. Healthcare reform and restrictions on coverage and reimbursement may limit our returns on molecular diagnostic products that we may develop independently or with our collaborators. We are currently collaborating with our partners to develop diagnostic and therapeutic products. Our (or our collaborators’) ability to commercialize such products may depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products will be available under U.S. and foreign rules and regulations that govern coverage and reimbursement for clinical testing services by government authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Under the Affordable Care Act, expansion in healthcare coverage may expand the market for clinical diagnostic testing while at the same time, various policies aimed at reducing costs or bundling care may reduce the rates paid for such services; the net impact of these factors on the market for our products is not clear. In April 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, which included substantial changes to the way in which clinical laboratory services will be paid under Medicare. Beginning in 2017, Medicare payments for clinical laboratory services will be paid based upon private payor rates as reported by clinical laboratories across the United States in contrast to the current system, which is based upon fee schedules derived from historical charges for tests from approximately 30 years ago. We cannot predict the impact of the new payment system on rates for tests that may use our products. It is possible that the new system could reduce payment rates for health care products and services, adversely affect the profits of our customers and collaborative partners and thus reduce our royalties and product sales. Under Medicare rules, diagnostic tests must be ordered by a physician who is treating the beneficiary and who uses the test results in patient management. As such, Medicare may deny coverage for a test, even if the test has been cleared or approved by the FDA, unless the Medicare Administrative Contractor determines that the test is useful in patient management. As such, our (and our collaborators’) ability to successfully commercialize a test may depend on the extent to which clinical data are developed that support the utility of the test in patient management. If we (or our collaborators) are unable to develop clinical data supporting the use of a test in patient management, payors may be unlikely to provide coverage or payment for such test. We face risks related to handling of hazardous materials and other regulations governing environmental safety. Our operations are subject to complex and stringent environmental, health, safety and other governmental laws and regulations that both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce. Our activities that are subject to these 25 regulations include, among other things, our use of hazardous and radioactive materials and the generation, transportation and storage of waste. We could discover that we or an acquired business is not in material compliance. Existing laws and regulations may also be revised or reinterpreted, or new laws and regulations may become applicable to us, whether retroactively or prospectively, that may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. It is also impossible to eliminate completely the risk of accidental environmental contamination or injury to individuals. In such an event, we could be liable for any damages that result, which could adversely affect our business. We may be exposed to liability due to product defects. The risk of product liability claims is inherent in the testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of human diagnostic and therapeutic products and we may be subjected to such claims. We have voluntarily recalled products in the past. We may seek to acquire additional insurance for clinical or product liability risks. We may not be able to obtain such insurance or general product liability insurance on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts. A product liability claim or recall could have a serious adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ethical, legal and social concerns surrounding the use of genetic information could reduce demand for our products. Genetic testing has raised ethical issues regarding privacy and the appropriate uses of the resulting information. For these reasons, governmental authorities may call for limits on or regulation of the use of genetic testing or prohibit testing for genetic predisposition to certain conditions, particularly for those that have no known cure. Similarly, such concerns may lead individuals to refuse to use genetics tests even if permissible. Any of these scenarios could reduce the potential markets for our molecular diagnostic products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Litigation Matters We may be unable to effectively protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could harm our competitive position. Maintaining a strong patent position is critical to our business. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the technology fields in which we operate is uncertain, so we cannot be assured the patent rights we have or may obtain will be valuable. Others have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications that are similar or identical to ours or those of our licensors. To determine the priority of inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the United States Patent and Trademark Office that could result in substantial costs in legal fees and could substantially affect the scope of our patent protection. We cannot be assured our patent applications will have priority over those filed by others. Also, our intellectual property may be subject to significant administrative and litigation proceedings. In addition, we may acquire businesses, which may not have developed or maintained a similarly robust patent position. For example, eBioscience currently does not have a patent portfolio, so we must rely on non-patent rights, including third-party licenses that relate to such business operations. Legal actions to enforce our patent rights can be expensive and may involve the diversion of significant management time. In addition, these legal actions could be unsuccessful and could also result in the invalidation of our patents or a finding that they are unenforceable. We may or may not choose to pursue litigation or interferences against those that have infringed on our patents, or used them without authorization, due to the associated expense and time commitment of monitoring these activities. If we fail to protect or to enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position could suffer, which could harm our results of operations. In addition to patent protection, we also rely upon copyright and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and third-parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. Such measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from selling our products or services or impact our stock price. We are currently subject to claims from third parties asserting intellectual property infringement and breach of contract. See Note 14. "Legal Proceedings" of the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on 10-K for further information. Third parties may in the future assert additional claims against us, including claims we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. As we launch new products and enter new markets, we expect that competitors will claim that our products infringe their intellectual property rights as part of business strategies designed to impede our successful commercialization and entry into new markets. In addition, we are aware of third-party patents that may relate to our technology. We routinely receive notices claiming infringement from third parties as well as invitations to take licenses under 26 third-party patents. Third parties may have obtained, and may in the future obtain, patents allowing them to claim that the use of our technologies infringes these patents. We could incur substantial costs and divert the attention of our management and technical personnel in defending ourselves against any of these claims. Any adverse ruling or perception of an adverse ruling in defending ourselves against these claims could have a material adverse impact on our cash position and stock price. Furthermore, parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to develop, commercialize and sell products, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties, or be prohibited from selling certain products, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our cash position, business and financial condition. In addition, we may be unable to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins. Moreover, we could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to develop alternative methods or products. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing products, and the prohibition of sale of any of our products could materially affect our ability to grow and maintain profitability. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our common stock historically has been volatile. This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell your common stock, and the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the price of our common stock. The market price for our common stock has varied between a high of $10.15 on December 29, 2014, and a low of $6.37 on April 11, 2014 in the twelve-month period ending on December 31, 2014 . Our stock price is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including those listed in this "Risk Factors" section and other, unknown factors. Our stock price also may be affected by comments by securities analysts regarding our business or prospects, our issuance of common stock or other equity securities, our inability to meet analysts' expectations, general fluctuations in the stock market or in the stock prices of our industry peers or our customers and general conditions and publicity regarding the genomics, biotechnology, pharmaceutical or life science industries. This volatility may affect the price of our common stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely impact its price. As of December 31, 2014 , we had outstanding approximately 74.3 million shares of our common stock and options to purchase approximately 4.2 million shares of our common stock (of which approximately 2.6 million were exercisable as of that date). We also had outstanding approximately 3.1 million underlying restricted stock units as of December 31, 2014 . As of December 31, 2014 , we also had outstanding $105.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.00% Notes, which are convertible into shares of our common stock. We have reserved a total of approximately 17.9 million shares of our common stock to satisfy the settlement obligations of such notes. The sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Volatility in the stock price of other companies often has led to securities class action litigation against those companies. Any future securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our quarterly results have historically fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. Failure to meet financial expectations may disappoint securities analysts or investors and result in a decline in our stock price. Our revenue and operating results may fluctuate significantly due, in part, to factors that are beyond our control and which we cannot predict. The timing of our customers' orders may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Historically, we have experienced customer ordering patterns for instrumentation and consumables in which the majority of the shipments occur in the last month of the quarter. These ordering patterns limit management's ability to accurately forecast our future revenue or product mix. Additionally, license revenue may also be unpredictable and fluctuates due to the timing of payments of non-recurring licensing fees. Because our expenses are largely fixed in the short to medium term, any material shortfall in revenue may cause us to experience material losses. Because of this difficulty in predicting future performance, our operating results may fall below our own expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in some future quarter or quarters. Our failure in the past to meet these expectations has adversely affected the market price of our common stock and may continue to do so. 27 In addition to factors that affect the spending levels of our customers described above, additional factors could cause our operating results to fluctuate, including: • competition; • our inability to produce products in sufficient quantities and with appropriate quality; • the frequency of experiments conducted by our customers; • our customers' inventory of products; • the receipt of relatively large orders with short lead times; and • our customers' expectations as to how long it takes us to fill future orders. In addition, integrating operations, financial and other systems of acquired businesses, including those in connection with our acquisition of eBioscience, may compound the difficulty of predicting our future performance, for example by decreasing our ability to forecast customer demand and manage our inventory levels, and may therefore increase the fluctuation of our operating results. Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Our charter and bylaws contain provisions relating to issuance of preferred stock, limitations on written consents, special meetings of stockholders and advance notification procedures for stockholder proposals. In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless certain conditions are met. These and other provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent or deter mergers, takeovers or other business combinations involving us, discourage potential acquirers from making tender offers for our common stock, or discourage proxy contests for changes in our management, any of which, under certain circumstances, could depress the market price of our common stock. Future sales of our common stock could cause our share price to fall. In November 2014, we entered into a sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. to offer shares of our common stock from time to time through “at-the-market” offerings, pursuant to which we offer and sell shares of our common stock for an aggregate offering price of up to $50 million. We are not obligated to make or continue to make any sale of shares of our common stock under the “at-the-market” offerings. We did not make any sales pursuant to the “at-the market” offering in 2014. However, the sale of securities pursuant to the “at-the-market” offerings will result in dilution of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall. ITEM 1B