 An investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Annual Report before deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow, could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The value of shares of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below. Risks Related to Our December 22, 2014 Announcement to Explore Strategic Alternatives for the Solar Inverter Business On December 22, 2014, the Company announced that it has started to explore strategic alternatives for its Solar Inverter business. The company is considering various options including a sale, joint venture, partnership, licensing or other alternatives including additional product line optimization and rationalization, in order to maximize shareholder value. The Company plans to continue offering its inverter products and services, and supporting its customers during this process. However, the announcement could impact our customer confidence in our ability to service existing warranties and could negatively impact future sales to customers. There can be no assurance that the Company will enter into a transaction in the future. The announcement may subject the Solar Inverter business to substantial risks and uncertainties that may result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Potential risks include, but are not limited to: the Company’s ability to identify and execute upon a strategic alternative, current and prospective customer reaction pending a decision on a strategic alternative or once a strategic alternative is selected (if at all), including potential decreases in customer orders and sales of our solar inverters, potential disruption to the company’s operations and management that could occur leading up to and after a strategic alternative is chosen (if available), the risk of no strategic alternative being available and the potential need to further reduce costs, shutdown facilities and otherwise downsize the business. The performance of our solar inverters is highly dependent on the customer meeting product specification, installation and maintenance requirements. Our commercial and utility-grade solar inverters have product specification, installation and maintenance requirements that if not followed could result in product failure or downtime. For example, if a customer fails to properly design and build the solar site consistent with our product specification and installation requirements ( e.g., exceeding input DC voltage, improper grounding, cabling errors, etc.), the inverter’s performance could be adversely affected and, in some cases, the inverter may be damaged. Customers are responsible for their solar site design and build. Although we conduct testing on our products, our solar inverters cannot be tested in an environment simulating the various solar site conditions that may exist. We may expend considerable time and resources in diagnosing alleged product issues in the field that are actually attributable to a customer’s failure to follow such product specification, installation and maintenance requirements. To the extent we experience such increased costs associated with investigating such claims, we may not be able to recover such costs from the customer, resulting in losses. Our products may suffer from defects or errors leading to damage or warranty claims. Our products use complex system designs and components that may contain errors or defects, particularly when we incorporate new technology into our products or release new versions. If any of our products are defective or fail because of their design, we might be required to repair, redesign or recall those products, pay damages (including liquidated damages) or warranty claims, and we could suffer significant harm to our reputation. We accrue a warranty reserve for estimated costs to provide warranty services including the cost of technical support, product repairs, and product replacement for units that cannot be repaired. Our estimate of costs to fulfill our warranty obligations is based on historical experience and expectation of future conditions. To the extent we experience increased warranty claim activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, our warranty accrual will increase, resulting in decreased gross profit. In 2014, we have experienced increased warranty costs for our inverter product lines. 11 Table of Contents Raw material, part, component, and subassembly shortages, exacerbated by our dependence on sole and limited source suppliers, could affect our ability to manufacture products and systems and could delay our shipments. Our business depends on our ability to manufacture products that meet the rapidly changing demands of our customers. Our ability to manufacture our products timely depends in part on the timely delivery of raw materials, parts, components, and subassemblies from suppliers. We rely on sole and limited source suppliers for some of our raw materials, parts, components, and subassemblies that are critical to the manufacturing of our products. This reliance involves several risks, including the following: • the inability to obtain an adequate supply of required parts, components, or subassemblies; • supply shortages, if a sole or limited source provider ceases operations; • the need to fund the operating losses of a sole or limited source provider; • reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of raw materials and parts, components, or subassemblies; • the need to qualify alternative suppliers; • suppliers that may provide parts, components or subassemblies that are defective, contain counterfeit goods or are otherwise misrepresented to us in terms of form, fit or function; and • the inability of our suppliers to develop technologically advanced products to support our growth and development of new products. Qualifying alternative suppliers could be time consuming and lead to delays in, or prevention of delivery of products to our customers, as well as increased costs. If we are unable to qualify additional suppliers and manage relationships with our existing and future suppliers successfully, if our suppliers experience financial difficulties including bankruptcy, or if our suppliers cannot meet our performance or quality specifications or timing requirements, we may experience shortages, delays, or increased costs of raw materials, parts, components, or subassemblies. This in turn could limit or prevent our ability to manufacture and ship our products, which could materially and adversely affect our relationships with our current and prospective customers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. From time to time, our sole or limited source suppliers have given us notice that they are ending supply of critical parts, components, and subassemblies that are required for us to deliver product. In those cases, we have been required to make last time purchases of such supplies in advance of product demand from our customers. If we cannot qualify alternative suppliers before these end-of-life supplies are utilized in our products, we may be unable to deliver further product to our customers. To mitigate the risk of not having a supply of critical parts, components, and subassemblies for our products, we proactively make additional purchases which we believe addresses such risk. Our orders of raw materials, parts, components, and subassemblies are based on demand forecasts. We place orders with many of our suppliers based on our customers’ quarterly forecasts and our annual forecasts. These forecasts are based on our customers’ and our expectations as to demand for our products. As the quarter and the year progress, such demand can change rapidly or we may realize that our customers’ expectations were overly optimistic or pessimistic, especially when industry or general economic conditions change. Orders with our suppliers cannot always be amended in response. In addition, in order to assure availability of certain components or to obtain priority pricing, we have entered into contracts with some of our suppliers that require us to purchase a specified amount of components and subassemblies each quarter, even if we are not able to use such components or subassemblies. Moreover, we have obligations to some of our customers to hold a minimum amount of finished goods in inventory, in order to fulfill just in time orders, regardless of whether the customers expect to place such orders. We currently have firm purchase commitments and agreements with various suppliers to ensure the availability of components. Our obligation to our suppliers at December 31, 2014 under these purchase commitments and agreements was $58.7 million . If demand for our products does not continue at current levels, we might not be able to use all of the components that we are required to purchase under these commitments and agreements, and our reserves for excess and obsolete inventory may increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If demand for our products exceeds our customers’ and our forecasts, we may not be able to timely obtain sufficient raw materials, parts, components, or subassemblies, on favorable terms or at all, to fulfill the excess demand. We generally have no long-term contracts with our customers requiring them to purchase any specified quantities from us. Our sales are primarily made on a purchase order basis, and we generally have no long-term purchase commitments from our customers, which is typical in the industries we serve. As a result, we are limited in our ability to predict the level of future sales or commitments from our current customers, which may diminish our ability to allocate labor, materials, and 12 Table of Contents equipment in the manufacturing process effectively. In addition, we may accumulate inventory in anticipation of sales that do not materialize, resulting in excess and obsolete inventory write-offs. We are exposed to risks associated with worldwide financial markets and the global economy. Our business depends on the expansion of manufacturing capacity in our end markets and the installation base for the products we sell. In the past, severe tightening of credit markets, turmoil in the financial markets, and a weakening global economy have contributed to slowdowns in the industries in which we operate. Some of our key markets depend largely on consumer spending. Economic uncertainty exacerbates negative trends in consumer spending and may cause our customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from placing equipment orders. Difficulties in obtaining capital and uncertain market conditions may also lead to a reduction of our sales and greater instances of nonpayment. These conditions may similarly affect our key suppliers, which could affect their ability to deliver parts and result in delays for our products. Further, these conditions and uncertainty about future economic conditions could make it challenging for us to forecast our operating results and evaluate the risks that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As discussed in “ Our orders of raw materials, parts, components, and subassemblies are based on demand forecasts ,” a significant percentage of our expenses are relatively fixed and based, in part, on expectations of future net sales. If a sudden decrease in demand for our products from one or more customers were to occur, the inability to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for any shortfall would magnify the adverse impact of a shortfall in net sales on our results of operations. Conversely, if market conditions were to unexpectedly recover and demand for our products were to increase suddenly, we might not be able to respond quickly enough, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and customer relations. The industries in which we compete are subject to volatile and unpredictable cycles. As a supplier to the global semiconductor, flat panel display, solar, and related industries, we are subject to business cycles, the timing, length, and volatility of which can be difficult to predict. These industries historically have been cyclical due to sudden changes in customers’ manufacturing capacity requirements and spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization, demand for customers’ products, inventory levels relative to demand, and access to affordable capital. These changes have affected the timing and amounts of customers’ purchases and investments in technology, and continue to affect our orders, net sales, operating expenses, and net income. In addition, we may not be able to respond adequately or quickly to the declines in demand by reducing our costs. We may be required to record significant reserves for excess and obsolete inventory as demand for our products changes. To meet rapidly changing demand in each of the industries we serve, we must effectively manage our resources and production capacity. During periods of decreasing demand for our products, we must be able to appropriately align our cost structure with prevailing market conditions, effectively manage our supply chain, and motivate and retain key employees. During periods of increasing demand, we must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to fulfill customer orders, effectively manage our supply chain, and attract, retain, and motivate a sufficient number of qualified individuals. If we are not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes in our business environment or to accurately assess where we are positioned within a business cycle, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Cyclicality in the semiconductor equipment industry impacts our results of operations. Our business is affected by the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn is affected by the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and products using integrated circuits. The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and has experienced periodic and severe downturns and upturns. Business conditions, therefore, historically have changed rapidly and unpredictably. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers could continue to materially affect our revenues and operating results. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in research and development and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may have a temporary adverse effect on our results of operations. During periods of increased demand, we may have difficulty obtaining sufficient components and subassemblies or increasing production quickly enough to meet our customers’ requirements. We are exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the solar inverter industry. A significant portion of our business is in the emerging solar inverter market, which, in addition to the general industry changes described above in the risk factor “The industries in which we compete are subject to volatile and unpredictable 13 Table of Contents cycles,” is also characterized by ongoing changes particular to the solar inverter industry. Our business is subject to changes in technology or demand for solar products arising from, among other things, adoption of our inverter products by our customers, changes in technology trends in the industry, behaviors by our customers resulting from technology trend changes, compatibility of our solar inverter technology with our customers' products or certain solar panel providers, customers' and end-users' access to affordable financial capital, the cost and performance of solar technology compared to other energy sources, the adequacy of or changes in government energy policies, including the availability and amount of government incentives for solar power (such as feed-in tariffs and tax credits), the continuation of renewable portfolio standards, and the extent of investment or participation in solar by utilities or other companies that generate, transmit, or distribute power to end users. The current debt crisis in Europe and the resulting economic uncertainty and instability in the region could result in limited access to capital for our customers or changes to government incentives for renewable energy which could cause the delay or cancellation of current projects in the solar industry. There is also increased market volatility as the size of utility scale solar projects is increasing to hundreds of megawatts of capacity. Sales to large solar projects can cause variations in our revenue from quarter to quarter. Such large-scale solar projects require significant financial resources on our part should we be selected as the supplier for solar inverters. We are beginning to see requirements in the solar industry for performance guarantees related to solar inverters and associated liquidated damages provisions. This could result in financial exposure for our business if our solar inverters do not meet reliability or uptime requirements. Lastly, customers using our solar inverters are beginning to evaluate multi-year service agreements from us for on-site maintenance and support of our inverters and the entire solar site. These agreements, however, are subject to annual renewal and may not be renewed by the customers. If we do not successfully manage the risks resulting from these ongoing changes occurring in the solar industry, we may miss out on substantial opportunities for revenue and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may not realize the expected results from the implementation of restructuring plans. During the second half of 2011 as well as the second quarters of 2013 and 2014, we implemented restructuring plans to align our cost structure with current industry conditions in our Precision Power and Inverter segments. As part of these restructuring plans we reduced staff, exited excess office and warehouse space, relocated engineering and research and development resources closer to our customers, and transferred various operating activities, such as supply chain management, manufacturing, engineering and other activities, to our Shenzhen, China facility. This means we are even more dependent on our China-based operations. As with any restructuring initiative, there could be many unintended results and there are always risks that execution may not meet expectations in the future. If we are unable to effectively execute the initiatives under the plan or our customers' requirements change, we may not realize the expected results or could incur restructuring charges greater than anticipated, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Businesses, consumers, and utilities might not adopt alternative energy solutions as a means for providing or obtaining their electricity and power needs. On-site distributed power generation solutions, such as photovoltaic systems, which utilize our inverter products, provide an alternative means for obtaining electricity and are relatively new methods of obtaining electrical power that businesses, consumers, and utilities may not adopt at levels sufficient to grow this part of our business. Traditional electricity distribution is based on the regulated industry model whereby businesses and consumers obtain their electricity from a government regulated utility. For alternative methods of distributed power to succeed, businesses, consumers and utilities must adopt new purchasing practices and must be willing to rely upon less traditional means of providing and purchasing electricity. As larger solar projects come online, utilities are becoming increasingly concerned with grid stability, power management and the predictable loading of such power onto the grid. We cannot be certain that businesses, consumers, and utilities will choose to utilize on-site distributed power at levels sufficient to sustain our business in this area. The development of a mass market for our products may be impacted by many factors which are out of our control, including: • market acceptance of photovoltaic systems that incorporate our solar inverter products; • the cost competitiveness of these systems; • regulatory requirements; and • the emergence of newer, more competitive technologies and products. 14 Table of Contents If a mass market fails to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we may be unable to recover the costs we will have incurred to develop these products. We might make substantial capital expenditures and commitments to meet anticipated demand for our solar inverters. We have invested and may continue to invest significant human and financial resources in the development, marketing, and sale of our solar inverters, while we continue to investigate alternatives for the future of our involvement in this line of business. To increase our manufacturing capacity for our solar inverters in order to meet anticipated demand, we have purchased equipment, leased new facilities, and made other capital expenditures. These additional expenditures have increased, and may continue to increase, our overhead expenses during a time when our operations are not fully absorbing current overhead expenses. The impact could lower gross margins until such time that revenue related to the sale of our solar inverters can fully absorb overhead expenses. We have experienced a shortage of components for our solar inverters that could affect our ability to manufacture products and systems. We and other participants in the industry have seen shortages of insulated gate bipolar transistors, capacitors, switchgear, and other discrete electrical components. To mitigate the risk of not having such critical parts, we pro-actively make additional purchases which we believe addresses such risk. Recent unfair trade complaints filed against imports of solar cells from China could have significant negative effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In October 2011, a coalition of several U.S. solar companies filed complaints with the U.S. Department of Commerce ("DOC") and International Trade Commission ("ITC") charging that Chinese solar cell manufacturers have engaged in, and benefited from, various unfair trade practices. A similar trade case may also be filed in Europe. In early 2012, duties were imposed on solar panels imported from China which have resulted in other trade-related conflicts. Since some of our inverters are well-suited for use with crystalline silicon panel modules, the impact of these duties on the cost of solar panels could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position or results of operations. In June 2014, the DOC imposed additional anti-dumping duties that now include Taiwanese solar cell manufacturing for Chinese solar module manufacturers. As a result of this action, the pricing of solar panels has increased for our customers in a manner that adversely affects solar project financial viability. As a result of this U.S. government action, solar projects are being delayed and could be cancelled. The imposition of these additional and expanded duties will have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. A significant portion of our sales and accounts receivable are concentrated among a few customers. Our ten largest customers accounted for 48.9% of our sales in 2014 , 44.2% of our sales in 2013 , and 47.7% of our sales in 2012 . Applied Materials Inc., our largest customer, accounted for 18.7% of our sales in 2014 , 17.4% of our sales in 2013 , and 14.1% of our sales in 2012 . Lam Research accounted for 12.5% of our sales in 2014 . Additionally, in June 2012, Lam Research merged with Novellus Systems, Inc. Had the two businesses been a combined entity for the full year, they would have accounted for 10.7% of our sales in 2012. No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of our sales during 2014 , 2013 or 2012 . At December 31, 2014 and 2013 our accounts receivable from Applied Materials Inc., accounted for 16.1% and 17.4% , respectively, of our total accounts receivable. No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of our accounts receivable as of December 31, 2014 , or 2013 . If we were to lose any of our significant customers or suffer a material reduction in their purchase orders, revenue could decline and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Market pressures may reduce or eliminate our profitability. Our customers continually exert pressure on us to reduce our prices and extend payment terms. Given the nature of our customer base and the highly competitive markets in which we compete, we may be required to reduce our prices or extend payment terms to remain competitive. We may not be able to reduce our expenses in an amount sufficient to offset potential margin declines. The decrease in cash flow could materially and adversely impact our financial condition. If we are unable to adjust our business strategy successfully for some of our product lines to reflect the increasing price sensitivity on the part of our customers, our business and financial condition could be harmed. Our business strategy for many of our product lines has been focused on product performance and technology innovation to provide enhanced efficiencies and productivity. As a result of recent economic conditions and changes in various markets that we serve, our customers have experienced significant cost pressures. We have observed increased price sensitivity on the part of our customers. If competition against any of our product lines should come to focus solely on price rather than on product performance and technology innovation, we will need to adjust our business strategy and product offerings accordingly, 15 Table of Contents and if we are unable to do so, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We face substantial competition, primarily from established companies, some of which have greater financial, marketing, and technical resources than we do. We expect our competitors will continue to develop new products in direct competition with ours, improve the design and performance of their products, and introduce new products with enhanced performance characteristics. To remain competitive, we must improve and expand our products and product offerings. In addition, we may need to maintain a high level of investment in research and development and expand our sales and marketing efforts, particularly outside of the United States. We might not be able to make the technological advances and investments necessary to remain competitive. If we were unable to improve and expand our products and product offerings, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our competitive position could be weakened if we are unable to convince end users to specify that our products be used in the equipment sold by our customers. The end users in our markets may direct equipment manufacturers to use a specified supplier’s product in their equipment at a particular facility. This occurs with frequency because our products are critical in manufacturing process control for thin-film applications. Our success, therefore, depends in part on our ability to have end users specify that our products be used at their facilities. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in changing established relationships of competitors that already have a large installed base of products within such facilities. We must achieve design wins to retain our existing customers and to obtain new customers, although design wins achieved do not necessarily result in substantial sales. The constantly changing nature of technology in the markets we serve causes equipment manufacturers to continually design new systems. We must work with these manufacturers early in their design cycles to modify our equipment or design new equipment to meet the requirements of their new systems. Manufacturers typically choose one or two vendors to provide the components for use with the early system shipments. Selection as one of these vendors is called a design win. It is critical that we achieve these design wins in order to retain existing customers and to obtain new customers. We believe that equipment manufacturers often select their suppliers based on factors including long-term relationships and end user demand. Accordingly, we may have difficulty achieving design wins from equipment manufacturers who are not currently our customers. In addition, we must compete for design wins for new systems and products of our existing customers, including those with whom we have had long-term relationships. Our efforts to achieve design wins are time consuming, expensive, and may not be successful. If we are not successful in achieving design wins, or if we do achieve design wins but our customers’ systems that utilize our products are not successful, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Once a manufacturer chooses a component for use in a particular product, it is likely to retain that component for the life of that product. Our sales and growth could experience material and prolonged adverse effects if we fail to achieve design wins. However, design wins do not always result in substantial sales, as sales of our products are dependent upon our customers’ sales of their products. We are highly dependent on our intellectual property. Our success depends significantly on our proprietary technology. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through patents and non-disclosure agreements; however, we might not be able to protect our technology, and competitors might be able to develop similar technology independently. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries might not afford our intellectual property the same protections as do the laws of the United States. Our intellectual property is not protected by patents in several countries in which we do business, and we have limited patent protection in other countries, including the PRC. The cost of applying for patents in foreign countries and translating the applications into foreign languages requires us to select carefully the inventions for which we apply for patent protection and the countries in which we seek such protection. Generally, our efforts to obtain international patents have been concentrated in the European Union and certain industrialized countries in Asia, including Korea, Japan, and Taiwan. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property successfully, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents The PRC commercial law is relatively undeveloped compared to the commercial law in the United States. Limited protection of intellectual property is available under PRC law. Consequently, manufacturing our products in the PRC may subject us to an increased risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to copy our products or otherwise obtain or use our intellectual property. We cannot give assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property rights effectively or have adequate legal recourse in the event that we encounter infringements of our intellectual property in the PRC. Activities necessary to integrate acquisitions may result in costs in excess of current expectations or be less successful than anticipated. In 2012, 2013 and 2014, we acquired Solvix, Refusol, the Power Controls Modules product line of AEG Power Solutions, HiTek, and UltraVolt respectively, and we may acquire other businesses in the future. The success of such transactions will depend on, among other things, our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to apply our internal controls process to these acquired businesses. The integration of acquisitions may require significant attention from our management, and the diversion of management’s attention and resources could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipated when we first entered into the acquisition transaction. If actual integration costs are higher than amounts originally anticipated, if we are unable to integrate the assets and personnel acquired in an acquisition as anticipated, or if we are unable to fully benefit from anticipated synergies, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Return on investments or interest rate declines on plan investments could result in additional unfunded pension obligations for the HiTek Power pension plan. We currently have unfunded obligations in the HiTek Power pension plan. The extent of future contributions to the pension plan depends heavily on market factors such as the discount rate and the actual return on plan assets. We estimate future contributions to the plan using assumptions with respect to these and other items. While our management believes that these assumptions are appropriate, changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plan could increase pension expenses and reduce our profitability. See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We must continually design and introduce new products into the markets we serve to respond to competition and rapid technological changes. As we operate in a highly competitive environment where innovation is critical, our future success depends on many factors, including the effective commercialization and customer acceptance of our products and services. The development, introduction and support of a broadening set of products (such as the recent introduction of our high power and three phase string inverters) is critical to our continued success. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop new products, improve and develop new applications for existing products, and differentiate our products from those of competitors resulting in their adoption by customers. We conduct manufacturing at only a few sites and our sites are not generally interchangeable. Our power products for the semiconductor industry are manufactured in Shenzhen, PRC. Our high voltage products are manufactured in Ronkonkoma, New York and Littlehampton, United Kingdom. Our thermal instrumentation products that are used in the semiconductor industry are manufactured in Vancouver, Washington. Each facility manufactures different products, and therefore, is not interchangeable. Natural or other uncontrollable occurrences at any of our manufacturing facilities could significantly reduce our productivity at such site and could prevent us from meeting our customers’ requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Our losses from any such occurrence could significantly affect our operations and results of operations for a prolonged period of time. Our solar inverters are manufactured in Fort Collins, Colorado, Shenzhen, PRC and Ontario, Canada. While manufacturing could be shifted to a different manufacturing location for the transformer-based and transformerless inverters if a labor disruption, supply difficulty or natural or other uncontrollable occurrence occurred, it may take significant time to transition to another site, and delivery times and costs would likely increase, preventing us from meeting our customers' requirements in a timely manner, or at all. To the extent that local content requirements exist, we may also be limited in such transitions. Our restructuring and other cost-reduction efforts have included transitioning manufacturing operations to our facility in Shenzhen from other manufacturing facilities, such as Fort Collins, Colorado and Bend, Oregon, which renders us increasingly reliant upon our Shenzhen facility. A disruption in manufacturing at our Shenzhen facility, from whatever cause, could have a 17 Table of Contents significantly adverse effect on our ability to fulfill customer orders, our ability to maintain customer relationships, our costs to manufacture our products and, as a result, our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to risks inherent in international operations. Sales to our customers outside the United States were approximately 36.6% of our total sales in 2014 , 40.0% in 2013 , and 28.6% in 2012 . The recent acquisitions of the three phase string inverter, power controls modules, and high voltage product lines have increased our presence in international locations. India is becoming a focus of possible expansion for sales, research and development, and manufacturing. Our success producing goods internationally and competing in international markets is subject to our ability to manage various risks and difficulties, including, but not limited to: • our ability to effectively manage our employees at remote locations who are operating in different business environments from the United States; • our ability to develop and maintain relationships with suppliers and other local businesses; • compliance with product safety requirements and standards that are different from those of the United States; • variations and changes in laws applicable to our operations in different jurisdictions, including enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights; • trade restrictions, political instability, disruptions in financial markets, and deterioration of economic conditions; • customs regulations and the import and export of goods (including, but not limited to, any United States imposition of antidumping or countervailing duty orders, safeguards, remedies, or compensation with respect to our products or subcomponents of our products, particularly those produced in the PRC); • the ability to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations; • our ability to obtain business licenses that may be needed in international locations to support expanded operations; • timely collecting accounts receivable from foreign customers including $ 25.1 million in accounts receivable from foreign customers as of December 31, 2014 ; and • changes in tariffs, taxes, and foreign currency exchange rates. Our profitability and ability to implement our business strategies, maintain market share and compete successfully in international markets will be compromised if we are unable to manage these and other international risks successfully. Our operations in the People’s Republic of China are subject to significant political and economic uncertainties over which we have little or no control and we may be unable to alter our business practice in time to avoid reductions in revenues. A significant portion of our operations outside the United States are located in the PRC, which exposes us to risks, such as exchange controls and currency restrictions, changes in local economic conditions, changes in customs regulations, changes in tax policies, changes in PRC laws and regulations, possible expropriation or other PRC government actions, and unsettled political conditions. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our operations, business, results of operations, and financial condition. The PRC’s economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with respect to the amount of government involvement, level of development, rate of growth, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the economy of the PRC has experienced significant growth in the past 20 years, growth has been uneven across different regions and amongst various economic sectors of the PRC. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. Recent strikes by workers and picketing in front of the factory gates of certain companies in Shenzhen have caused unrest among some workers seeking higher wages, which could impact our manufacturing facility in Shenzhen. While some of the government's measures may benefit the overall economy of the PRC, they may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us as well as work stoppages. We transitioned a significant amount of our supply base to Asian suppliers. We transitioned the purchasing of a substantial portion of components for our thin film products, and continue to consider transitioning additional purchasing related to our solar inverters to Asian suppliers to lower our materials costs and 18 Table of Contents shipping expenses. These components might require us to incur higher than anticipated testing or repair costs, which would have an adverse effect on our operating results. Customers who have strict and extensive qualification requirements might not accept our products if these lower-cost components do not meet their requirements. A delay or refusal by our customers to accept such products, as well as an inability of our suppliers to meet our purchasing requirements, might require us to purchase higher-priced components from our existing suppliers or might cause us to lose sales to these customers, either of which could lead to decreased revenue and gross margins and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have entered into contract manufacturing relationships with international suppliers for certain of our inverter products. We have entered into contract manufacturing relationships with well-established suppliers in Canada and Hungary for the manufacture of certain goods in our inverter product line and Germany (Prettl) for our Power Control Module product line. These relationships will facilitate our compliance with localization requirements in some world regions where incentives and benefits are granted for local manufacturing. These relationships will also afford us a more flexible manufacturing capacity, thereby enabling us to maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace for our inverter products. These partners, working closely with us, will in turn be developing a common supply chain for the components that are incorporated into our inverters. While we believe that our contract manufacturers are qualified to manufacture these inverters for us, we may need to address short-term quality and delivery scheduling issues as we develop this new supply chain for these inverters. If we were to encounter significant quality or delivery schedule concerns it might materially and adversely affect our relationships with customers for these inverters and our results of operations. As with many contract manufacturing relationships, costs may be incurred if manufacturing capacity is not fully utilized. In particular, our German legal proceeding against an affiliate of Prettl, the contract manufacturer of a significant portion of our three phase string inverters, may adversely affect and impact such contract manufacturing relationship, the delivery of product, the commercial terms related thereto and our financial and operational performance. Please see "Item 3 - Legal Proceedings." Changes in tax laws, tax rates, or mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions in which we do business, could impact our future tax liabilities and related corporate profitability We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions (including integrations) and investments, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations, including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The U.S., many countries in the European Union, and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. Reductions in government subsidies could impact revenue and results of operations in the renewable energy markets. Various government subsidies, including feed-in tariffs, have been a significant driver in the growth of the renewable energy industry. Countries throughout the world are providing incentives to spur adoption of renewable energy. While many countries, including Great Britain, certain regions in the United States and Canada, India, and China, are beginning to adopt feed-in tariffs and varying subsidies, others are re-evaluating the level of incentive they wish to provide. A number of countries, including the Czech Republic have proposed reductions to their feed-in tariffs while Italy and Germany reduced their feed-in tariffs. As new political parties take office in countries throughout the world, agendas on renewable energy and governments’ desire or ability to provide incentives may shift or change. Proposed feed-in tariff reductions in regions in which we do significant business could negatively affect the results of our operations. Such a reduction in the feed-in tariffs, including any potential further reductions, could result in a significant decline in demand and price levels for renewable energy products and result in foreign competitors moving into the U.S. solar market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations may lead to lower operating margins, or may cause us to raise prices, which could result in reduced sales. Currency exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations and we could experience losses with respect to forward exchange contracts into which we may enter. Unfavorable currency fluctuations could 19 Table of Contents require us to increase prices to foreign customers, which could result in lower net sales by us to such customers. Alternatively, if we do not adjust the prices for our products in response to unfavorable currency fluctuations, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, most sales made by our foreign subsidiaries are denominated in the currency of the country in which these products are sold and the currency they receive in payment for such sales could be less valuable at the time of receipt as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. Given recent acquisitions in Europe, our exposure to fluctuations in the value of the Euro is becoming more significant. From time to time, we enter into forward exchange contracts and local currency purchased options to reduce currency exposure arising from intercompany sales of inventory. However, we cannot be certain that our efforts will be adequate to protect us against significant currency fluctuations or that such efforts will not expose us to additional exchange rate risks, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Changes in the value of the Chinese yuan could impact the cost of our operation in Shenzhen, PRC. The PRC government is continually pressured by its trading partners to allow its currency to float in a manner similar to other major currencies. Any change in the value of the Chinese yuan may impact our ability to control the cost of our products in the world market. Specifically, the decision by the PRC government to allow the yuan to begin to float against the United States dollar could significantly increase the labor and other costs incurred in the operation of our Shenzhen facility and the cost of raw materials, parts, components, and subassemblies that we source in the PRC, thereby having a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We have been, and in the future may again be, involved in litigation. Litigation is costly and could result in further restrictions on our ability to conduct business or make use of market relationships we have developed, or an inability to prevent others from using technology. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our commercial or property rights, to defend ourselves against claimed violations of such rights, or to protect our interests in regulatory, tax, customs, commercial, and other disputes or similar matters. Litigation often requires a substantial amount of our management's time and attention, as well as financial and other resources, including: • substantial costs in the form of legal fees, fines, and royalty payments; • restrictions on our ability to sell certain products or in certain markets; • an inability to prevent others from using technology we have developed; and • a need to redesign products or seek alternative marketing strategies. Any of these events could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Funds associated with our marketable securities that we have traditionally held as short-term investments may not be liquid or readily available. In the past, certain of our investments have been affected by external market conditions that impacted the liquidity of the investment. We do not currently have investments with reduced liquidity, but external market conditions that we cannot anticipate or mitigate may impact the liquidity of our marketable securities. Any changes in the liquidity associated with these investments may require us to borrow funds at terms that are not favorable or repatriate cash from international locations at a significant cost. We cannot be certain that we will be able to borrow funds or continue to repatriate cash on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, our available cash may be reduced until those investments can be liquidated. The lack of available cash may prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise and may prevent us from executing some of our business plans, either of which could cause our business, financial condition or results of operations to be materially and adversely affected. Our intangible assets may become impaired. We currently have $203.3 million of goodwill ( $43.9 million and $159.5 million in Precision Power and Inverters, respectively) and $47.1 million in intangible assets ( $40.3 million and $6.8 million in Precision Power and Inverters, respectively). We periodically review the estimated useful lives of our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, taking into consideration any events or circumstances that might result in either a diminished fair value, or for intangible assets, a revised useful life. The events and circumstances include significant changes in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, and competition. Any impairment or revised useful life could have a material and adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations, and could harm the trading price of our common stock. On December 22, 2014, we announced 20 Table of Contents that we are seeking strategic alternatives with regards to our continued involvement in the Inverter segment and the outcome of this process may have a material impact on the carrying value of our recorded goodwill and intangibles. We are subject to numerous governmental regulations. We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign regulations, including environmental regulations and regulations relating to the design and operation of our products and control systems and regulations governing the import, export and customs duties related to our products. We might incur significant costs as we seek to ensure that our products meet safety and emissions standards, many of which vary across the states and countries in which our products are used. In the past, we have invested significant resources to redesign our products to comply with these directives. Compliance with future regulations, directives, and standards could require us to modify or redesign some products, make capital expenditures, or incur substantial costs. Also, we may incur significant costs in complying with the myriad of different import, export and customs regulations as we seek to sell our products internationally. If we do not comply with current or future regulations, directives, and standards: • we could be subject to fines and penalties; • our production or shipments could be suspended; and • we could be prohibited from offering particular products in specified markets. If we were unable to comply with current or future regulations, directives and standards, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Recently enacted financial reform legislation will result in new laws and regulations that may increase our costs of operations. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new implementing rules and regulations, and to prepare numerous studies and reports for Congress. On August 22, 2012, under the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC adopted new requirements for companies that use certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, in their products, whether or not these products are manufactured by third parties. These requirements will require companies to perform due diligence, disclose and report whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. We will have to perform sufficient due diligence to determine whether such minerals are used in the manufacture of our products. However, the implementation of these new requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of such minerals if they are found to be used in the manufacture of our products. In addition, we will incur additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals and metals used in our products. Since our supply chain is complex, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins for these minerals and metals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. In such event, we may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as conflict mineral free. We filed our first report on conflict minerals on June 2, 2014 for the 2013 calendar year. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate for reasons over which we have no control. The stock market has from time to time experienced, and is likely to continue to experience, extreme price and volume fluctuations. Prices of securities of technology companies have been especially volatile and have often fluctuated for reasons that are unrelated to their operating performance. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we were the subject of securities class action litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our operating results are subject to fluctuations, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decrease significantly . Our annual and quarterly results may vary significantly depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Because our operating expenses are based on anticipated revenue levels, our sales cycle for development work is relatively long, and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed for the short term, a small variation in the timing of recognition of revenue can cause significant variations in operating results from period to period. If our earnings do not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the price of our stock could decline. The loss of any of our key personnel could significantly harm our results of operations and competitive position. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continuing contributions of our key management, technical, marketing, and sales employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining our key employees or that 21 Table of Contents we can attract or retain additional skilled personnel as required. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could significantly harm our results of operations and competitive position. We maintain significant amounts of cash in international locations. Given the global nature of our business, we have both domestic and international concentrations of cash and investments. The value of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk or other factors. As a result, we could incur a significant impairment of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Historically, acquisitions have been an important element of our strategy. However, we may not find suitable acquisition candidates in the future and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. Any acquisitions we make could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. We have in the past made strategic acquisitions of other corporations and entities, as well as asset purchases, and we continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of complementary companies, products, and technologies. In the event of any future acquisitions, we could: • issue stock that would dilute our current stockholders' percentage ownership; • pay cash that would decrease our working capital; • incur debt; • assume liabilities; or • incur expenses related to impairment of goodwill and amortization. Acquisitions also involve numerous risks, including: • problems combining the acquired operations, systems, technologies, or products; • an inability to realize expected sales forecasts, operating efficiencies or product integration benefits; • difficulties in coordinating and integrating geographically separated personnel, organizations, systems, and facilities; • difficulties integrating business cultures; • unanticipated costs or liabilities, including the costs associated with improving the internal controls of the acquired company; • diversion of management's attention from our core business; • adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; • potential loss of key employees, particularly those of purchased organizations; • incurring unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; and • the failure to complete acquisitions even after signing definitive agreements which, among other things, would result in the expensing of potentially significant professional fees and other charges in the period in which the acquisition or negotiations are terminated. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify appropriate acquisition candidates, to integrate any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire in the future or achieve the anticipated benefits of such transactions, which may harm our business. Difficulties with our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system and other parts of our global information technology system could harm our business and results of operation. If our network security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data or our data or our information technology systems, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Like many modern multinational corporations, we maintain a global information technology system, including software products licensed from third parties. Any system, network or Internet failures, misuse by system users, the hacking into or disruption caused by the unauthorized access by third parties or loss of license rights could disrupt our ability to timely and 22 Table of Contents accurately manufacture and ship products or to report our financial information in compliance with the timelines mandated by the SEC. Any such failure, misuse, hacking, disruptions or loss would likely cause a diversion of management's attention from the underlying business and could harm our operations. In addition, a significant failure of our global information technology system could adversely affect our ability to complete an evaluation of our internal controls and attestation activities pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As part of our day-to-day business, we store our data and certain data about our customers in our global information technology system. While our system is designed with access security, if a third party gains unauthorized access to our data, including any regarding our customers, such security breach could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, loss of business, litigation and possible liability. These security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers' data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence by our customers, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, lead to legal liability and negatively impact our future sales. Our credit facility contains restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business. In October 2012, we entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The credit facility contains various financial and negative operating covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. The financial covenant requires that we maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The operating covenants limit our ability to, among other things: • sell, transfer, lease or dispose of our assets; • create, incur or assume additional indebtedness; • encumber or permit liens on certain of our assets • make restricted payments, including paying dividends on, repurchasing or making distributions with respect to our common stock; • make specified investments (including loans and advances); • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates. A breach of any of these covenants or a material adverse change to our business could result in a default under the credit agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit agreement, our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. ITEM 1B